start
03/25/2022 11:11:13 - WARNING - datasets.builder -   Reusing dataset glue (/home/heyjoonkim/.cache/huggingface/datasets/glue/rte/1.0.0/dacbe3125aa31d7f70367a07a8a9e72a5a0bfeb5fc42e75c9db75b96da6053ad)
Using GPT-3 engine : davinci
03/25/2022 11:11:25 - WARNING - datasets.arrow_dataset -   Loading cached processed dataset at /home/heyjoonkim/.cache/huggingface/datasets/glue/rte/1.0.0/dacbe3125aa31d7f70367a07a8a9e72a5a0bfeb5fc42e75c9db75b96da6053ad/cache-258c2976700275e5.arrow
03/25/2022 11:11:25 - WARNING - datasets.arrow_dataset -   Loading cached processed dataset at /home/heyjoonkim/.cache/huggingface/datasets/glue/rte/1.0.0/dacbe3125aa31d7f70367a07a8a9e72a5a0bfeb5fc42e75c9db75b96da6053ad/cache-89a55b5ccc4b059f.arrow
03/25/2022 11:11:25 - WARNING - datasets.arrow_dataset -   Loading cached processed dataset at /home/heyjoonkim/.cache/huggingface/datasets/glue/rte/1.0.0/dacbe3125aa31d7f70367a07a8a9e72a5a0bfeb5fc42e75c9db75b96da6053ad/cache-c0b524dbc7d018b2.arrow
03/25/2022 11:11:25 - INFO - __main__ -   # Eval  dataset : 277
Dana Reeve, the widow of the actor Christopher Reeve, has died of lung cancer at age 44, according to the Christopher Reeve Foundation. In other words, -> she died of the same disease that killed her husband.
Dana Reeve, the widow of the actor Christopher Reeve, has died of lung cancer at age 44, according to the Christopher Reeve Foundation. Furthermore, -> the foundation said that Dana Reeve had been diagnosed with lung cancer in May.

The couple had been married for 10 years.
Yet, we now are discovering that antibiotics are losing their effectiveness against illness. Disease-causing bacteria are mutating faster than we can come up with new antibiotics to fight the new variations. In other words, -> the bacteria are winning.

The problem is that we have been using antibiotics for decades, and the bacteria have had plenty of time to adapt.
Yet, we now are discovering that antibiotics are losing their effectiveness against illness. Disease-causing bacteria are mutating faster than we can come up with new antibiotics to fight the new variations. Furthermore, -> the overuse of antibiotics in humans and animals is creating antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
Cairo is now home to some 15 million people - a burgeoning population that produces approximately 10,000 tonnes of rubbish per day, putting an enormous strain on public services. In the past 10 years, the government has tried hard to encourage private investment in the refuse sector, but some estimate 4,000 tonnes of waste is left behind every day, festering in the heat as it waits for someone to clear it up. It is often the people in the poorest neighbourhoods that are worst affected. But in some areas they are fighting back. In Shubra, one of the northern districts of the city, the residents have taken to the streets armed with dustpans and brushes to clean up public areas which have been used as public dumps. In other words, -> they are taking matters into their own hands.

The BBC's Orla Guerin visited the area to see how they are getting on.
Cairo is now home to some 15 million people - a burgeoning population that produces approximately 10,000 tonnes of rubbish per day, putting an enormous strain on public services. In the past 10 years, the government has tried hard to encourage private investment in the refuse sector, but some estimate 4,000 tonnes of waste is left behind every day, festering in the heat as it waits for someone to clear it up. It is often the people in the poorest neighbourhoods that are worst affected. But in some areas they are fighting back. In Shubra, one of the northern districts of the city, the residents have taken to the streets armed with dustpans and brushes to clean up public areas which have been used as public dumps. Furthermore, -> they have set up a committee to monitor the cleanliness of the area.

The BBC's Caroline Duffield reports from Cairo.
The Amish community in Pennsylvania, which numbers about 55,000, lives an agrarian lifestyle, shunning technological advances like electricity and automobiles. And many say their insular lifestyle gives them a sense that they are protected from the violence of American society. But as residents gathered near the school, some wearing traditional garb and arriving in horse-drawn buggies, they said that sense of safety had been shattered. "If someone snaps and wants to do something stupid, there's no distance that's going to stop them," said Jake King, 56, an Amish lantern maker who knew several families whose children had been shot. In other words, -> the Amish are not immune to the violence that plagues the rest of society.
The Amish community in Pennsylvania, which numbers about 55,000, lives an agrarian lifestyle, shunning technological advances like electricity and automobiles. And many say their insular lifestyle gives them a sense that they are protected from the violence of American society. But as residents gathered near the school, some wearing traditional garb and arriving in horse-drawn buggies, they said that sense of safety had been shattered. "If someone snaps and wants to do something stupid, there's no distance that's going to stop them," said Jake King, 56, an Amish lantern maker who knew several families whose children had been shot. Furthermore, -> he said, "It's not just our community that's hurting. It's the whole community.
Security forces were on high alert after an election campaign in which more than 1,000 people, including seven election candidates, have been killed. In other words, -> the election was a sham.

The election was held under the shadow of the military coup that ousted President Mohamed Morsi in July.
Security forces were on high alert after an election campaign in which more than 1,000 people, including seven election candidates, have been killed. Furthermore, -> the Taliban have threatened to attack the election process.
In 1979, the leaders signed the Egypt-Israel peace treaty on the White House lawn. Both President Begin and Sadat received the Nobel Peace Prize for their work. The two nations have enjoyed peaceful relations to this day. In other words, -> the Camp David Accords were a success.

The agreement was not without its critics.
In 1979, the leaders signed the Egypt-Israel peace treaty on the White House lawn. Both President Begin and Sadat received the Nobel Peace Prize for their work. The two nations have enjoyed peaceful relations to this day. Furthermore, -> the treaty has served as a model for other Arab-Israeli peace treaties.
singer and actress Britney Spears, 24, has filled papers in Los Angeles County Superior Court to divorce her husband Kevin Federline, 28. A spokeswoman for the court, Kathy Roberts stated that the papers cited irreconcilable differences" as the reason for the divorce and have, according to the courts, been legally separated as of Monday, November 6, the same day that Spears appeared on Late Night with David Letterman. In other words, -> the couple has been separated for over a month.
singer and actress Britney Spears, 24, has filled papers in Los Angeles County Superior Court to divorce her husband Kevin Federline, 28. A spokeswoman for the court, Kathy Roberts stated that the papers cited irreconcilable differences" as the reason for the divorce and have, according to the courts, been legally separated as of Monday, November 6, the same day that Spears appeared on Late Night with David Letterman. Furthermore, -> the papers state that Spears and Federline have no children together.
Following the successful bid to bring the 2010 Ryder Cup to Wales, the Wales Tourist Board has wasted little time in commissioning work to ensure that the benefits accruing from the event are felt throughout the country. In other words, -> the Welsh Tourist Board has commissioned a study to find out what the Welsh people want from the Ryder Cup.
Following the successful bid to bring the 2010 Ryder Cup to Wales, the Wales Tourist Board has wasted little time in commissioning work to ensure that the benefits accruing from the event are felt throughout the country. Furthermore, -> the Welsh Assembly Government has committed to a £1.5m investment in the development of the golfing infrastructure in Wales.
Steve Jobs was attacked by Sculley and other Apple executives for not delivering enough hot new products and resigned from the company a few weeks later. In other words, -> Sculley was the one who pushed Jobs out of Apple.

Sculley was also the CEO of PepsiCo from 1997 to 2001.
Steve Jobs was attacked by Sculley and other Apple executives for not delivering enough hot new products and resigned from the company a few weeks later. Furthermore, -> Sculley was not able to deliver the products that Jobs had promised.
Traditionally, the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are in charge of the law and order situation through the Pass area. This tribe is still living in present day Balochistan in Pakistan. In other words, -> the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are the descendants of the ancient Brahui people who lived in Balochistan.
Traditionally, the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are in charge of the law and order situation through the Pass area. This tribe is still living in present day Balochistan in Pakistan. Furthermore, -> the Raisani tribe is also in charge of the law and order situation in the area of the Pass.
The international humanitarian aid organization, Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), continues to treat victims of violence in all locations where it is present in Darfur. In other words, -> in the camps for displaced persons, in the hospitals and in the mobile clinics.

MSF has been present in Darfur since 1999.
The international humanitarian aid organization, Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), continues to treat victims of violence in all locations where it is present in Darfur. Furthermore, -> MSF is currently treating victims of violence in the following locations:

El Fasher: MSF is treating victims of violence in the El F.
In a bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar until completely blended and frothy. In other words, -> you want to make a meringue.

In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
In a bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar until completely blended and frothy. Furthermore, -> add the vanilla extract and whisk again.

In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
In Nigeria, by far the most populous country in sub-Saharan Africa, over 2.7 million people are infected with HIV. In other words, -> one in every five people living with HIV in the world is Nigerian.
In Nigeria, by far the most populous country in sub-Saharan Africa, over 2.7 million people are infected with HIV. Furthermore, -> the country has the highest number of children living with HIV in the world.
A jury is slated to decide for the first time whether Jack Kevorkian, famed as "Dr. Death," has violated Michigan's assisted-suicide ban, while the state continues to grapple with the issue of what to allow when the ill want to end their pain by ending their lives. In other words, -> the case is a test of the state's ban on assisted suicide.

The trial is expected to last about two weeks.
A jury is slated to decide for the first time whether Jack Kevorkian, famed as "Dr. Death," has violated Michigan's assisted-suicide ban, while the state continues to grapple with the issue of what to allow when the ill want to end their pain by ending their lives. Furthermore, -> the case could have implications for the legality of physician-assisted suicide in other states.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble. Even with a $1.8 billion Research and Development budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies. In other words, -> it’s not just the big guys that are doing this.

The key is to find the right partners.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble. Even with a $1.8 billion Research and Development budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies. Furthermore, -> it has a team of more than 100 people dedicated to managing these relationships.
Deceased U.S. soldiers and their effects were evacuated to Japan and then shipped home in refrigerated containers for interment in the U.S. In other words, -> the remains of the deceased were not buried in Japan.

The U.S.
Deceased U.S. soldiers and their effects were evacuated to Japan and then shipped home in refrigerated containers for interment in the U.S. Furthermore, -> the remains of the deceased were not returned to the U.S. until the 1990s, when the U.S.
Mice given a substance found in red wine lived longer despite a fatty diet, a study shows. In other words, -> the mice were able to live longer despite eating a high-fat diet.
Mice given a substance found in red wine lived longer despite a fatty diet, a study shows. Furthermore, -> the mice were healthier and more active than those fed a normal diet.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970 at the age of eighty. He was thus fifty years old when, as an unknown officer recently promoted to the (temporary) rank of brigadier general, he made his famous broadcast from London rejecting the capitulation of France to the Nazis after the debacle of May-June 1940. In other words, -> he was fifty years old when he became a national hero.

De Gaulle was born in 1890, the son of a general.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970 at the age of eighty. He was thus fifty years old when, as an unknown officer recently promoted to the (temporary) rank of brigadier general, he made his famous broadcast from London rejecting the capitulation of France to the Nazis after the debacle of May-June 1940. Furthermore, -> he was fifty-two when he became the first president of the Fifth Republic, and sixty-five when he died.
Teenage sensation Wayne Rooney powered England into the quarter-finals of Euro 2004 with two goals in Monday's 4-2 defeat of Croatia and they were joined in the last eight by champions France who beat Switzerland 3-1. In other words, -> the two teams who have dominated the tournament so far.
Teenage sensation Wayne Rooney powered England into the quarter-finals of Euro 2004 with two goals in Monday's 4-2 defeat of Croatia and they were joined in the last eight by champions France who beat Switzerland 3-1. Furthermore, -> the French will be joined by the Czech Republic, who beat Turkey 2-0, and the Netherlands, who beat Portugal 2-1.
Fujimori charged that on January 26, 1995, Ecuador fired the first shot, an allegation denied by Ecuador's leader, Sixto Duran-Ballen. Predictably, each side blamed the other for starting the 1995 conflict, just as each pointed the finger of guilt to the other for provoking the border war of 1941, when Peru took most of the 120,000 square miles in contention between the two countries. In other words, -> the two countries have a long history of blaming each other for the conflict.
Fujimori charged that on January 26, 1995, Ecuador fired the first shot, an allegation denied by Ecuador's leader, Sixto Duran-Ballen. Predictably, each side blamed the other for starting the 1995 conflict, just as each pointed the finger of guilt to the other for provoking the border war of 1941, when Peru took most of the 120,000 square miles in contention between the two countries. Furthermore, -> each side accused the other of harboring and supporting subversive groups.
Hepburn's platinum, diamond and sapphire brooch had been estimated to fetch just $20,000, but sold for $120,000, six times its estimated price. In other words, -> the auction house had estimated that the brooch would sell for $20,000, but it actually sold for $120,000.
Hepburn's platinum, diamond and sapphire brooch had been estimated to fetch just $20,000, but sold for $120,000, six times its estimated price. Furthermore, -> the auction house said the brooch was the most expensive item sold in its history.
Huckaby voluntarily submitted herself to questioning Friday night at the Tracy police station, and was arrested less than six hours later. She now resides in the San Joaquin County Jail without bond, awaiting an arraignment hearing on Tuesday. On April 6, the body of Sandra Cantu was discovered stuffed inside the 28-year-old's suitcase at the bottom of a pond a few miles away from her home. The two were neighbors in the Orchard Estates Mobile Home Park and Huckaby's own 5-year-old daughter often played with Cantu. Autopsy results are still pending. In other words, -> Huckaby is a suspect in the murder of a woman who was last seen alive with Huckaby's daughter.
Huckaby voluntarily submitted herself to questioning Friday night at the Tracy police station, and was arrested less than six hours later. She now resides in the San Joaquin County Jail without bond, awaiting an arraignment hearing on Tuesday. On April 6, the body of Sandra Cantu was discovered stuffed inside the 28-year-old's suitcase at the bottom of a pond a few miles away from her home. The two were neighbors in the Orchard Estates Mobile Home Park and Huckaby's own 5-year-old daughter often played with Cantu. Autopsy results are still pending. Furthermore, -> police are still trying to determine if Huckaby is connected to the disappearance of another Tracy woman, Laura Jean Selke, who vanished in February.
CAMDEN, N.J. (Reuters) — Three Muslim brothers from Albania were sentenced to life in prison on Tuesday for a plot to kill American soldiers at the Fort Dix military base, which prosecutors said was inspired by the idea of holy war against the United States. The men, Dritan Duka, 30, Shain Duka, 28, and Eljvir Duka, 25, all illegal immigrants, were each sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. The three, who operated a roofing business in Cherry Hill, N.J., were among five foreign-born Muslims convicted in December of planning an attack at the base, about 40 miles east of Philadelphia. The attack was never carried out. In other words, -> the brothers were convicted of planning a crime that never happened.
CAMDEN, N.J. (Reuters) — Three Muslim brothers from Albania were sentenced to life in prison on Tuesday for a plot to kill American soldiers at the Fort Dix military base, which prosecutors said was inspired by the idea of holy war against the United States. The men, Dritan Duka, 30, Shain Duka, 28, and Eljvir Duka, 25, all illegal immigrants, were each sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. The three, who operated a roofing business in Cherry Hill, N.J., were among five foreign-born Muslims convicted in December of planning an attack at the base, about 40 miles east of Philadelphia. The attack was never carried out. Furthermore, -> the three brothers were convicted of conspiring to kill American soldiers in Afghanistan.
A number of the items that he auctioned off over the two day period have been seen on his reality TV show The Osbournes, which featured home life with Sharon, Ozzy and their two children. Amongst some of the higher-priced items were a carved walnut Victorian-style custom built pool table which raised $11,250, a painting from Edourad Drouot which fetched $10,500, a pair of Ozzy's famous round glasses which raised $5,250 and a dog bed given to Sharon by Elton John which sold for $2,375. In other words, -> the auction was a huge success.
A number of the items that he auctioned off over the two day period have been seen on his reality TV show The Osbournes, which featured home life with Sharon, Ozzy and their two children. Amongst some of the higher-priced items were a carved walnut Victorian-style custom built pool table which raised $11,250, a painting from Edourad Drouot which fetched $10,500, a pair of Ozzy's famous round glasses which raised $5,250 and a dog bed given to Sharon by Elton John which sold for $2,375. Furthermore, -> a pair of Ozzy's signature black leather pants raised $2,375 and a pair of his signature black leather boots raised $2,375.
According to reports, a man protesting the G20 Summit in London, England has died after collapsing at a protester camp. Sky News says the man collapsed on the street inside a camp close to the Bank of England and when found he was still breathing, but efforts by paramedics to rescue him failed and he was pronounced dead at an area hospital. The name of the person and cause of death are not yet known, but several people were injured earlier in the day. It is also reported by Sky News that people threw bottles at him and authorities when they were taking him to a waiting ambulance. In other words, -> the man was not killed by police.

The G20 Summit is a meeting of the leaders of the world’s largest economies.
According to reports, a man protesting the G20 Summit in London, England has died after collapsing at a protester camp. Sky News says the man collapsed on the street inside a camp close to the Bank of England and when found he was still breathing, but efforts by paramedics to rescue him failed and he was pronounced dead at an area hospital. The name of the person and cause of death are not yet known, but several people were injured earlier in the day. It is also reported by Sky News that people threw bottles at him and authorities when they were taking him to a waiting ambulance. Furthermore, -> Sky News reports that the man was a member of the protest group, “The London Black Revs.
The San Diego Padres ace, Jake Peavy, was hurt in an 8-5 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals. In other words, -> the Padres lost.

Peavy was hit in the head by a line drive off the bat of Yadier Molina in the third inning.
The San Diego Padres ace, Jake Peavy, was hurt in an 8-5 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals. Furthermore, -> the Padres have lost their last three games.
Despite CNOOC's all-cash bid, Unocal said its recommendation to shareholders in favor of the $16.4 billion offer of cash and stock from Chevron remains in effect. In other words, -> Unocal is still open to a higher bid.
Despite CNOOC's all-cash bid, Unocal said its recommendation to shareholders in favor of the $16.4 billion offer of cash and stock from Chevron remains in effect. Furthermore, -> Unocal said it has not received any indication from CNOOC that it will raise its bid.
U.S. forces have been engaged in intense fighting after insurgents launched simultaneous attacks in several Iraqi cities, including Fallujah and Baqubah. In other words, -> the U.S. military is fighting a war in Iraq, and the insurgents are fighting a war against the U.S. military.
U.S. forces have been engaged in intense fighting after insurgents launched simultaneous attacks in several Iraqi cities, including Fallujah and Baqubah. Furthermore, -> the U.S. military has been forced to respond to a growing number of attacks in the capital, Baghdad.

The U.S.
But Huawei says that expansion has not been easy - obtaining visas for its Chinese engineers to work on long-term projects in India being a particular challenge. In other words, -> the company is not just looking to India as a source of cheap labour.
But Huawei says that expansion has not been easy - obtaining visas for its Chinese engineers to work on long-term projects in India being a particular challenge. Furthermore, -> the company has had to deal with a lack of local talent, and has had to train its own engineers in India.
According to Becky Gibbons of New York State Police and Chris Collins County Executive in Erie County, New York, the total number of fatalities is 50, including 45 passengers, four crew members and a person on the ground, while a woman and daughter on the ground were injured, near the edge of farmland, about seven miles from Buffalo Niagara International Airport. In other words, -> the plane was not in the air when it crashed.
According to Becky Gibbons of New York State Police and Chris Collins County Executive in Erie County, New York, the total number of fatalities is 50, including 45 passengers, four crew members and a person on the ground, while a woman and daughter on the ground were injured, near the edge of farmland, about seven miles from Buffalo Niagara International Airport. Furthermore, -> the aircraft was a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400, operated by Colgan Air, a regional airline based in Manassas, Virginia.
A smaller proportion of Yugoslavia's Italians were settled in Slovenia (at the 1991 national census, some 3000 inhabitants of Slovenia declared themselves as ethnic Italians). In other words, -> the Italian population in Slovenia is smaller than the Slovene one in Italy.
A smaller proportion of Yugoslavia's Italians were settled in Slovenia (at the 1991 national census, some 3000 inhabitants of Slovenia declared themselves as ethnic Italians). Furthermore, -> the Slovene language is closer to the Friulian language spoken in the Province of Udine, Italy, than to any other Slavic language.
Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, seniors at the suburban Denver school, detonated homemade bombs and opened fire with shotguns, a rifle and a semiautomatic handgun on April 20, 1999. They killed a teacher and 12 students and wounded 23 others before committing suicide. The massacre shocked the country like no other. It was the worst school assault in American history at that time, and it came in the wake of a half-dozen others. It played out on live television, watched by millions. And it represented the violent destruction of a cherished American idea: that schools in the suburbs and the countryside were havens of peace and safety. In other words, -> Columbine was the first school shooting to be a school shooting.
Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, seniors at the suburban Denver school, detonated homemade bombs and opened fire with shotguns, a rifle and a semiautomatic handgun on April 20, 1999. They killed a teacher and 12 students and wounded 23 others before committing suicide. The massacre shocked the country like no other. It was the worst school assault in American history at that time, and it came in the wake of a half-dozen others. It played out on live television, watched by millions. And it represented the violent destruction of a cherished American idea: that schools in the suburbs and the countryside were havens of peace and safety. Furthermore, -> the attack was carried out by two seemingly normal teenagers, not a gang of thugs.
47-year-old Susan Boyle from Blackburn, West Lothian in Scotland, made her debut appearance on the show on Saturday night by saying that she had "never been married, never been kissed" and was currently unemployed, living alone at home with her cat, Pebbles. She says that she wants to "be a professional singer", but has "never been given the chance." Audience members and judges Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell and Piers Morgan, first laughed and even poked fun at her. Boyle then stunned the judges and audience, getting a standing ovation, with her performance of I Dreamed a Dream from the award winning musical performance Les Misérables. Cowell called her performance "extraordinary" while Morgan called it "the biggest surprise I've had in three years of this show. I am shocked." Holden even admitted that "everyone was against you [Boyle]" and that "we were all being very cynical." In other words, -> the judges and audience were expecting a train wreck, but instead they got a star.
47-year-old Susan Boyle from Blackburn, West Lothian in Scotland, made her debut appearance on the show on Saturday night by saying that she had "never been married, never been kissed" and was currently unemployed, living alone at home with her cat, Pebbles. She says that she wants to "be a professional singer", but has "never been given the chance." Audience members and judges Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell and Piers Morgan, first laughed and even poked fun at her. Boyle then stunned the judges and audience, getting a standing ovation, with her performance of I Dreamed a Dream from the award winning musical performance Les Misérables. Cowell called her performance "extraordinary" while Morgan called it "the biggest surprise I've had in three years of this show. I am shocked." Holden even admitted that "everyone was against you [Boyle]" and that "we were all being very cynical." Furthermore, -> Cowell said that "the world is now your oyster.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom. This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets. In other words, -> pets can now travel freely between the UK and other EU countries.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom. This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets. Furthermore, -> the Pet Travel Scheme allows owners to travel with their pets to the EU and other countries without the need for quarantine.
The Longest Day ever lengthens. The 25th anniversary celebration of the first Normandy landing lasted three days; the 50th will spread out over a year. In other words, -> the anniversary of the invasion of France is now a year-round event.
The Longest Day ever lengthens. The 25th anniversary celebration of the first Normandy landing lasted three days; the 50th will spread out over a year. Furthermore, -> the commemoration will be a joint Anglo-American affair, with the British and Americans sharing the spotlight.
The Qin (from which the name China is derived) established the approximate boundaries and basic administrative system that all subsequent dynasties were to follow. In other words, -> the Qin dynasty was the first to unify China.
The Qin (from which the name China is derived) established the approximate boundaries and basic administrative system that all subsequent dynasties were to follow. Furthermore, -> the Qin established the first centralized government in China, which was to be a model for all subsequent Chinese dynasties.
Hands Across the Divide was formed in March 2001, and one of its immediate aims was to press for more freedom of contact and communication right away between the two parts of Cyprus, and for early progress towards a solution to 'the Cyprus problem'. In other words, -> it was a campaign for the reunification of Cyprus.
Hands Across the Divide was formed in March 2001, and one of its immediate aims was to press for more freedom of contact and communication right away between the two parts of Cyprus, and for early progress towards a solution to 'the Cyprus problem'. Furthermore, -> the group was also concerned with the need to promote a better understanding of the Cyprus problem in the UK and abroad.
The IOC meeting will also review reports submitted by the organizing committees of the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano, Japan; the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia and the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in the Salt Lake City, the United States, respectively. In other words, -> the IOC will review the progress of the three organizing committees in their preparations for the Games.
The IOC meeting will also review reports submitted by the organizing committees of the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano, Japan; the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia and the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in the Salt Lake City, the United States, respectively. Furthermore, -> the IOC will also review the report of the Evaluation Commission for the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens, Greece.
Amazon shares fell nearly 4 percent following the results as the company said operating income would drop as much as 42 percent in the second quarter. In other words, -> Amazon is spending a lot of money to make sure it can keep up with the demand for its products.
Amazon shares fell nearly 4 percent following the results as the company said operating income would drop as much as 42 percent in the second quarter. Furthermore, -> the company said it would spend $3 billion on capital expenditures in the second half of the year, up from $2.
Hodler claimed there were also irregularities in the campaigns organized by Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Games, Sydney for the Summer Olympics in 2000 and Salt Lake City for the 2002 Winter Games. In other words, -> the IOC was not the only organization that had been corrupted.

Hodler’s report was a bombshell.
Hodler claimed there were also irregularities in the campaigns organized by Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Games, Sydney for the Summer Olympics in 2000 and Salt Lake City for the 2002 Winter Games. Furthermore, -> he said, the IOC had been aware of the corruption for years but had done nothing to stop it.
A compound in breast milk has been found to destroy many skin warts, raising hopes it also might prove effective against cervical cancer and other lethal diseases caused by the same virus. In other words, -> breast milk may be the cure for cancer.
A compound in breast milk has been found to destroy many skin warts, raising hopes it also might prove effective against cervical cancer and other lethal diseases caused by the same virus. Furthermore, -> the compound, called lactoferrin, is already used in infant formula and is considered safe for use in humans.
The plan was released by Mr Dean on behalf of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, still recovering from a recent accident, at a Secretarial Summit on Health Information Technology that was attended by many of the nation's leaders in electronic health records. In other words, -> the plan was not a product of the White House.

The plan is a good one, but it is not without its flaws.
The plan was released by Mr Dean on behalf of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, still recovering from a recent accident, at a Secretarial Summit on Health Information Technology that was attended by many of the nation's leaders in electronic health records. Furthermore, -> the plan was released at the same time as the President's budget for fiscal year 2004, which includes $1.2 billion for health information technology.
Alice Cooper, a founder of the shock rock genre, and infamous for his gory stage shows, is setting up a Christian center for at-risk youths in Phoenix. Cooper, who has been a born again Christian for over 20 years, has already raised US$2 million for the center via his charity, the Solid Rock Foundation, founded by Cooper in 1995. "The Rock", as the center will be called, is expected to cost $7.3 million, and Cooper hopes that construction work will begin on the site, currently a grassy area near the Grand Canyon University, by November. In other words, -> the center will be built on the site of a former rock concert.
Alice Cooper, a founder of the shock rock genre, and infamous for his gory stage shows, is setting up a Christian center for at-risk youths in Phoenix. Cooper, who has been a born again Christian for over 20 years, has already raised US$2 million for the center via his charity, the Solid Rock Foundation, founded by Cooper in 1995. "The Rock", as the center will be called, is expected to cost $7.3 million, and Cooper hopes that construction work will begin on the site, currently a grassy area near the Grand Canyon University, by November. Furthermore, -> Cooper has already begun to recruit staff for the center, and hopes to have it up and running by the end of next year.
Pibul Songgram was the pro-Japanese military dictator of Thailand during World War 2. In other words, -> he was a fascist.

Pibul Songgram was the pro-Japanese military dictator of Thailand during World War 2.
Pibul Songgram was the pro-Japanese military dictator of Thailand during World War 2. Furthermore, -> he was the Prime Minister of Thailand from 1942 to 1944.
As spacecraft commander for Apollo XI, the first manned lunar landing mission, Armstrong was the first man to walk on the Moon. "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind." With these historic words, man's dream of the ages was fulfilled. In other words, -> the dream of the ages was fulfilled.

Armstrong was born in Wapakoneta, Ohio, on August 5, 1930.
As spacecraft commander for Apollo XI, the first manned lunar landing mission, Armstrong was the first man to walk on the Moon. "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind." With these historic words, man's dream of the ages was fulfilled. Furthermore, -> Armstrong's words were the first words spoken from the surface of the Moon.
Weber worked for WABC for 12 years, appearing on such shows as Curtis and Kuby, giving news updates for listeners at the top and bottom of every hour. After he was laid off by the station last year due to a change in programing, he was working as a freelance reporter for ABC News Radio, a national network. In his career before WABC, he worked for KTLK and KMPC, located in Los Angeles, California and KGO in San Fransisco, California. In other words, -> he has been around the block.

Weber is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley, where he majored in political science.
Weber worked for WABC for 12 years, appearing on such shows as Curtis and Kuby, giving news updates for listeners at the top and bottom of every hour. After he was laid off by the station last year due to a change in programing, he was working as a freelance reporter for ABC News Radio, a national network. In his career before WABC, he worked for KTLK and KMPC, located in Los Angeles, California and KGO in San Fransisco, California. Furthermore, -> he was a reporter for the Los Angeles Times and the San Francisco Chronicle.

Weber is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley.
Russian cosmonaut Valery Polyakov set the record for the longest continuous amount of time spent in space, a staggering 438 days, between 1994 and 1995. In other words, -> he spent more time in space than any other human being.
Russian cosmonaut Valery Polyakov set the record for the longest continuous amount of time spent in space, a staggering 438 days, between 1994 and 1995. Furthermore, -> he holds the record for the longest time spent in space without a spacewalk, at 374 days.
The harvest of sea-weeds is not allowed in the Puget Sound because of marine vegetation's vital role in providing habitat to important species. In other words, -> the sea-weeds are protected because they are important to the ecosystem.
The harvest of sea-weeds is not allowed in the Puget Sound because of marine vegetation's vital role in providing habitat to important species. Furthermore, -> the Puget Sound is a very important nursery area for salmon and other fish.
He became a boxing referee in 1964 and became most well-known for his decision against Mike Tyson, during the Holyfield fight, when Tyson bit Holyfield's ear. In other words, -> he was the referee who allowed Tyson to continue fighting after he bit Holyfield's ear.
He became a boxing referee in 1964 and became most well-known for his decision against Mike Tyson, during the Holyfield fight, when Tyson bit Holyfield's ear. Furthermore, -> he was the referee during the first fight between Evander Holyfield and Mike Tyson.
The team drawing up Iraq's new constitution considered giving itself more time to write the document on Sunday, but still looked set to meet its mid-August deadline under intense U.S. pressure. In other words, -> the Bush administration is still trying to rush the process.

The U.S.
The team drawing up Iraq's new constitution considered giving itself more time to write the document on Sunday, but still looked set to meet its mid-August deadline under intense U.S. pressure. Furthermore, -> the committee's chairman, Humam Hamoudi, said he would not allow the document to be delayed by a dispute over whether to include a reference.
He also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 May of Mexican Professor Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia, whom the Salvadoran government accused of having connections with the Salvadoran guerrillas. In other words, -> the Salvadoran government is accusing her of being a guerrilla, but she is not a guerrilla.
He also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 May of Mexican Professor Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia, whom the Salvadoran government accused of having connections with the Salvadoran guerrillas. Furthermore, -> he said that the government had not responded to the request of the Mexican government to allow a visit by a Mexican delegation to investigate the case.
Mount Redoubt, a volcano in Alaska, erupted on Saturday, sending out clouds of ash thousands of feet high. According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport was shut down after ash reached the airport. Jeremy Lindseth, a spokesman for the airport, said that only small amount of ash reached the airport, but was significant enough to disrupt operations, as ash can cause engine problems for aircraft. He said that he was uncertain of how many flights were affected due to the eruption. In other words, -> the eruption of Mount Redoubt was a big deal.

But it was not a big deal for the media.
Mount Redoubt, a volcano in Alaska, erupted on Saturday, sending out clouds of ash thousands of feet high. According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport was shut down after ash reached the airport. Jeremy Lindseth, a spokesman for the airport, said that only small amount of ash reached the airport, but was significant enough to disrupt operations, as ash can cause engine problems for aircraft. He said that he was uncertain of how many flights were affected due to the eruption. Furthermore, -> the Anchorage School District announced that it would be closed on Monday due to the eruption.
FMLN reports to our people, and to the people of the world, that the massacre against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation [Fenastras] was carried out by Colonel Elena Fuente, as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st Infantry Brigade, in response to our military attack on the army staff. In other words, -> the massacre was a reprisal for our attack on the army.
FMLN reports to our people, and to the people of the world, that the massacre against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation [Fenastras] was carried out by Colonel Elena Fuente, as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st Infantry Brigade, in response to our military attack on the army staff. Furthermore, -> we report that the death squad of the 1st Infantry Brigade, under the command of Colonel Elena Fuente, has been operating in the area of San.
IBM stole trade secrets to copy two of its programs -- File-AID, a file manager, and Abend-AID, a program that helps users locate the source of glitches. In other words, -> IBM stole the source code for two programs that help users fix their computers.
IBM stole trade secrets to copy two of its programs -- File-AID, a file manager, and Abend-AID, a program that helps users locate the source of glitches. Furthermore, -> the suit claims that IBM used the information to develop a competing product, called TotalStorage Productivity Center.
Nokia, Texas Instruments and other leading makers of mobile phones have formally complained to Brussels that Qualcomm, the US mobile chipmaker, has unfairly used its patents on 3G technologies. In other words, -> they are accusing Qualcomm of being a patent troll.
Nokia, Texas Instruments and other leading makers of mobile phones have formally complained to Brussels that Qualcomm, the US mobile chipmaker, has unfairly used its patents on 3G technologies. Furthermore, -> they have accused Qualcomm of charging excessive royalties for its patents.
Two British soldiers have been arrested in the southern Iraq city of Basra, sparking clashes outside a police station where they are being held. In other words, -> the British are now fighting the British.

The two soldiers were arrested after a fight with Iraqi police.
Two British soldiers have been arrested in the southern Iraq city of Basra, sparking clashes outside a police station where they are being held. Furthermore, -> the British military has confirmed that a British soldier was killed in a roadside bomb attack in Basra on Thursday.
Police in the Lower Austrian town of Amstetten have arrested a 73 year old man who is alleged to have kept his daughter, now aged 42, locked in the cellar of his house in Amstetten since 29th August 1984. The man, identified by police as Josef Fritzl, is alleged to have started sexually abusing his daughter, named as Elisabeth Fritzl, when she was eleven years old, and to have subsequently fathered seven children by her. One of the children, one of a set of twins born in 1996, died of neglect shortly after birth and the body was burned by the father. In other words, -> this is a case of incest, rape and murder.
Police in the Lower Austrian town of Amstetten have arrested a 73 year old man who is alleged to have kept his daughter, now aged 42, locked in the cellar of his house in Amstetten since 29th August 1984. The man, identified by police as Josef Fritzl, is alleged to have started sexually abusing his daughter, named as Elisabeth Fritzl, when she was eleven years old, and to have subsequently fathered seven children by her. One of the children, one of a set of twins born in 1996, died of neglect shortly after birth and the body was burned by the father. Furthermore, -> the police have stated that the man is also suspected of murdering a baby, who was found dead in the cellar in 1996.
Microsoft for instance, one of the world's largest software companies, lost more than an estimated 500 million dollars last year because of software theft. In other words, -> the company lost more than half a billion dollars because of software piracy.

The same is true for the music industry.
Microsoft for instance, one of the world's largest software companies, lost more than an estimated 500 million dollars last year because of software theft. Furthermore, -> the company has been forced to spend millions of dollars in legal fees to protect its intellectual property.
Primary prevention of Alzheimer's disease is not possible at present. In other words, -> there is no way to prevent the disease from developing in people who are not yet showing symptoms.
Primary prevention of Alzheimer's disease is not possible at present. Furthermore, -> the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease is not the same for all people.

The risk of developing Alzheimer's disease increases with age.
Easter is over but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy "Ben-Hur," the granddaddy of biblical epics and winner of a record 11 Oscars, including best picture and best actor (Charlton Heston in the title role). In other words, -> it's a classic.
Easter is over but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy "Ben-Hur," the granddaddy of biblical epics and winner of a record 11 Oscars, including best picture and best actor (Charlton Heston in the title role). Furthermore, -> the film is being shown in a new digital restoration that will be screened at the Castro Theatre on April 1.
And, despite its own suggestions to the contrary, Oracle will sell PeopleSoft and JD Edwards financial software through reseller channels to new customers. In other words, -> Oracle will compete with its own partners.

"We're going to be selling PeopleSoft and JD Edwards to new customers," Ellison said.
And, despite its own suggestions to the contrary, Oracle will sell PeopleSoft and JD Edwards financial software through reseller channels to new customers. Furthermore, -> Oracle will continue to support PeopleSoft and JD Edwards customers, including those who have not yet purchased Oracle's ERP software.
The United Kingdom, Turkey, "Old" British commonwealth forces ( New Zealand, Aussies, Canadians, Gurkhas, India), Germany, Poland, Vietnam, some units from USA, Russia, France, China (but only some) Japan would be included but I'm uncomfortable about using the word respected for Japanese soldiers for obvious reasons. In other words, -> the only countries that would be included are the ones that have a history of being respected by the US military.
The United Kingdom, Turkey, "Old" British commonwealth forces ( New Zealand, Aussies, Canadians, Gurkhas, India), Germany, Poland, Vietnam, some units from USA, Russia, France, China (but only some) Japan would be included but I'm uncomfortable about using the word respected for Japanese soldiers for obvious reasons. Furthermore, -> I'm not sure if the Japanese would be included in the list of respected soldiers.
Ssangyong Motor was taken over by creditors after it collapsed under heavy debts during the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis. In other words, -> it was a victim of the crisis, not a perpetrator.
Ssangyong Motor was taken over by creditors after it collapsed under heavy debts during the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis. Furthermore, -> the company was unable to compete with the Japanese automakers, which were already well established in the Korean market.
According to officials, João Bernardo Vieira, the president of Guinea-Bissau, was shot to death on Monday in his palace by renegade soldiers. "President Vieira was killed by the army as he tried to flee his house which was being attacked by a group of soldiers close to the chief of staff Tagme Na Waie, early this morning," Zamora Induta, a military spokesman, said to Agence France-Presse, insisting that "this was not a coup d'etat." In other words, -> the soldiers were not trying to overthrow the government, but merely kill the president.
According to officials, João Bernardo Vieira, the president of Guinea-Bissau, was shot to death on Monday in his palace by renegade soldiers. "President Vieira was killed by the army as he tried to flee his house which was being attacked by a group of soldiers close to the chief of staff Tagme Na Waie, early this morning," Zamora Induta, a military spokesman, said to Agence France-Presse, insisting that "this was not a coup d'etat." Furthermore, -> Induta said that the soldiers were "not against the president, but against the chief of staff.
Asprin, an inexpensive drug helps protect survivors of heart attack and stroke from subsequent heart attacks and death, and even helps reduce the number of deaths that occur within the first hours following a heart attack. In other words, -> it helps prevent the heart attack from getting worse.
Asprin, an inexpensive drug helps protect survivors of heart attack and stroke from subsequent heart attacks and death, and even helps reduce the number of deaths that occur within the first hours following a heart attack. Furthermore, -> aspirin helps prevent blood clots from forming in the heart and brain, and reduces the risk of stroke.
Leakey believed Kenya's rich wildlife, which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m (Pounds 308m) a year, could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner. In other words, -> he believed that the country's wildlife could be used to generate revenue for the local people, while at the same time ensuring that the animals were not hunted.
Leakey believed Kenya's rich wildlife, which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m (Pounds 308m) a year, could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner. Furthermore, -> he believed that the Maasai, who have lived in the region for centuries, could be persuaded to abandon their traditional nomadic lifestyle and settle in.
Without a natural greenhouse effect, the temperature of the Earth would be about zero degrees F (-18C) instead of its present 57F (14C). In other words, -> the greenhouse effect is a good thing.

The greenhouse effect is a natural process that has been going on for millions of years.
Without a natural greenhouse effect, the temperature of the Earth would be about zero degrees F (-18C) instead of its present 57F (14C). Furthermore, -> the greenhouse effect is not a constant.
NASA's two Great Observatories, the Hubble Space Telescope and the Chandra X-ray Observatory, have independently provided what could be the best direct evidence yet for the existence of an event horizon, the defining feature of a black hole. In other words, -> the data suggest that the supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy M87 is truly a black hole.
NASA's two Great Observatories, the Hubble Space Telescope and the Chandra X-ray Observatory, have independently provided what could be the best direct evidence yet for the existence of an event horizon, the defining feature of a black hole. Furthermore, -> the results suggest that black holes may be far more common in the universe than previously thought.
For US pharmaceutical companies, the impending healthcare reforms promise an era of increased cost-containment and pricing controls. In other words, -> the days of the $100,000-a-year drug are numbered.
For US pharmaceutical companies, the impending healthcare reforms promise an era of increased cost-containment and pricing controls. Furthermore, -> the US government is increasingly looking to foreign markets for growth, and the pharmaceutical industry is a key component of this strategy.
Giuliana Sgrena was freed from captivity in Iraq today. The Italian journalist was abducted in Baghdad exactly a month ago while  she had been reporting for Il Manifesto. The Islamic Jihad Organisation had taken her hostage on the 4th February with the demand that Italy withdraw all of its troops from Iraq. On February 16, a video was released with a clearly distraught Mrs Sgrena begging for Italy to withdraw from Iraq. However despite the video, the Italian Senate voted to extend its miltary forces' stay in Iraq. In other words, -> the Italian government refused to bow to the demands of the kidnappers.

The Italian government has been criticised for its handling of the hostage crisis.
Giuliana Sgrena was freed from captivity in Iraq today. The Italian journalist was abducted in Baghdad exactly a month ago while  she had been reporting for Il Manifesto. The Islamic Jihad Organisation had taken her hostage on the 4th February with the demand that Italy withdraw all of its troops from Iraq. On February 16, a video was released with a clearly distraught Mrs Sgrena begging for Italy to withdraw from Iraq. However despite the video, the Italian Senate voted to extend its miltary forces' stay in Iraq. Furthermore, -> the Italian government refused to negotiate with the kidnappers.

The Italian government has been criticised for its handling of the situation.
About 33.5 million people live in this massive conurbation. I would guess that 95% of the 5,000 officially foreign-capital firms in Japan are based in Tokyo. In other words, -> Tokyo is the center of the Japanese economy.

Tokyo is also the center of Japanese culture.
About 33.5 million people live in this massive conurbation. I would guess that 95% of the 5,000 officially foreign-capital firms in Japan are based in Tokyo. Furthermore, -> the Tokyo metropolitan area is the home of the headquarters of all the major Japanese banks, insurance companies, and trading houses.
Tropical Storm Irene on August 11, 2005 at 16:15 UTC. Tropical Storm Irene will increase in strength over the next several days, possibly developing into   a hurricane that will hit the east coast of the United States, said the National Hurricane Center of Miami, Florida in a report today.  Irene was located approximately 975 kilometers south-southeast of Bermuda at 16:00 UTC today. Forecasters say that the storm is now moving in a west-  northwest direction with top sustained winds of 40 miles per hour. In other words, -> Irene is moving at a speed of about 20 kilometers per hour.
Tropical Storm Irene on August 11, 2005 at 16:15 UTC. Tropical Storm Irene will increase in strength over the next several days, possibly developing into   a hurricane that will hit the east coast of the United States, said the National Hurricane Center of Miami, Florida in a report today.  Irene was located approximately 975 kilometers south-southeast of Bermuda at 16:00 UTC today. Forecasters say that the storm is now moving in a west-  northwest direction with top sustained winds of 40 miles per hour. Furthermore, -> the storm is expected to strengthen over the next several days, with winds increasing to hurricane strength.
One of the dead was a child, passing by with his parents, said Iqrar Abbasi, a doctor at Civil Hospital Karachi. In other words, -> the child was not a target.

The other dead were two police officers, said police officer Asghar Ali.
One of the dead was a child, passing by with his parents, said Iqrar Abbasi, a doctor at Civil Hospital Karachi. Furthermore, -> the death toll is expected to rise as many of the injured are in critical condition.
The Cyrillic alphabet is an alphabet used for several East and South Slavic languages; (Belarusian, Bulgarian, Macedonian, Russian, Rusyn, Serbian, and Ukrainian) and many other languages of the former Soviet Union, Asia and Eastern Europe. It has also been used for other languages in the past. Not all letters in the Cyrillic alphabet are used in every language which is written with it. In other words, -> some letters are only used in certain languages.
The Cyrillic alphabet is an alphabet used for several East and South Slavic languages; (Belarusian, Bulgarian, Macedonian, Russian, Rusyn, Serbian, and Ukrainian) and many other languages of the former Soviet Union, Asia and Eastern Europe. It has also been used for other languages in the past. Not all letters in the Cyrillic alphabet are used in every language which is written with it. Furthermore, -> the order of the letters in the alphabet may differ from language to language.
In November 1990, the president announced that opposition political parties would be permitted to organize in 1991. Several new parties emerged, including the Democratic Republican Movement (MDR), the Liberal Party (LP), the Democratic and Socialist Party (PSD), and the Coalition for the Defense of the Republic (CDR). In other words, -> the opposition was not united.
In November 1990, the president announced that opposition political parties would be permitted to organize in 1991. Several new parties emerged, including the Democratic Republican Movement (MDR), the Liberal Party (LP), the Democratic and Socialist Party (PSD), and the Coalition for the Defense of the Republic (CDR). Furthermore, -> the government announced that the first multiparty elections would be held in May 1991.
A closely divided U.S. Supreme Court said on Thursday its 2002 ruling that juries and not judges must impose a death sentence applies only to future cases, a decision that may affect more than 100 death row inmates. In other words, -> the court said, the ruling does not apply retroactively to inmates who were sentenced to death before the 2002 decision.
A closely divided U.S. Supreme Court said on Thursday its 2002 ruling that juries and not judges must impose a death sentence applies only to future cases, a decision that may affect more than 100 death row inmates. Furthermore, -> the court said, the ruling does not apply to inmates whose cases were already final when the decision was issued.
The Disneyland of Europe is located 20 miles east of Paris. Euro Disney is a huge complex with hotels, restaurants, shops and a nearby golf course apart from the actual theme park. It provides a much better experience than its American cousin thanks to the marvels of modern engineering. In other words, -> the rides are smoother and the lines shorter.
The Disneyland of Europe is located 20 miles east of Paris. Euro Disney is a huge complex with hotels, restaurants, shops and a nearby golf course apart from the actual theme park. It provides a much better experience than its American cousin thanks to the marvels of modern engineering. Furthermore, -> the French are known for their hospitality and the staff at Euro Disney are no exception.
The chaotic situation unleashed in Bogota last night, with the assasination of Justice Carlos Valencia, began on 28 July in Medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order Judge Maria Elena Diaz. In other words, -> the same day that the Supreme Court of Justice was to decide on the extradition of drug trafficker Carlos Lehder.
The chaotic situation unleashed in Bogota last night, with the assasination of Justice Carlos Valencia, began on 28 July in Medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order Judge Maria Elena Diaz. Furthermore, -> the same day, the President of the Supreme Court, Justice Alfonso Reyes Echandia, was attacked by a group of armed men who fired.
The medical student accused of murdering an erotic masseuse he met on Craigslist is drowning in more than $100,000 in student loan debt and is so broke he can't afford to pay an attorney, according to court papers. Philip Markoff, a 23-year-old suspended Boston University medical school student, owes $130,000 in student loans and does not get money from his parents, leaving him to lean on a taxpayer-funded attorney for his defense, according to a court document in Boston Municipal Court that labels him indigent. Markoff graduated from the State University of New York-Albany and was a second-year medical student at BU. In other words, -> he's a typical American college student.

The government is now the nation's largest student lender.
The medical student accused of murdering an erotic masseuse he met on Craigslist is drowning in more than $100,000 in student loan debt and is so broke he can't afford to pay an attorney, according to court papers. Philip Markoff, a 23-year-old suspended Boston University medical school student, owes $130,000 in student loans and does not get money from his parents, leaving him to lean on a taxpayer-funded attorney for his defense, according to a court document in Boston Municipal Court that labels him indigent. Markoff graduated from the State University of New York-Albany and was a second-year medical student at BU. Furthermore, -> Markoff's parents are not paying for his defense, according to the court document.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory. In other words, -> the west has been more concerned with the fate of elephants than the fate of Africans.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory. Furthermore, -> the west has been more concerned with the fate of the polar bear than the fate of the Inuit.
The extension of the effective period of marketing exclusivity for drugs is designed to give pharmaceutical companies a fair return. In other words, -> it is a reward for the investment made in developing new drugs.
The extension of the effective period of marketing exclusivity for drugs is designed to give pharmaceutical companies a fair return. Furthermore, -> the extension of the effective period of marketing exclusivity for drugs is designed to encourage pharmaceutical companies to invest in the development of new drugs.
Hepburn's family will receive the proceeds from the sale. In other words, -> the money will go to Hepburn's heirs, not to the charities.
Hepburn's family will receive the proceeds from the sale. Furthermore, -> the proceeds will be used to help fund the Hepburn's family charity, the Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center in Old Saybrook, Connecticut.
Democrat members of the Ways and Means Committee, where tax bills are written and advanced, do not have strong small business voting records. In other words, -> they are not very sympathetic to small business.

The Republican members of the Ways and Means Committee have a strong small business voting record.
Democrat members of the Ways and Means Committee, where tax bills are written and advanced, do not have strong small business voting records. Furthermore, -> they have not been strong advocates for small business tax relief.

The House Ways and Means Committee is chaired by Rep.
The official visit of the Argentine minister marks a further step in the normalisation of UK-Argentine relations. In other words, -> the UK government is trying to improve relations with Argentina, which have been strained since the Falklands War in 1982.
The official visit of the Argentine minister marks a further step in the normalisation of UK-Argentine relations. Furthermore, -> it is a sign of the UK's commitment to the region and to the development of a strong and prosperous Latin America.
It is hoped that women, who constitute more than half of the population, will vote for other women and ensure that their issues are represented in parliament. In other words, -> the election is a referendum on women’s rights.

The election is also a referendum on the country’s political future.
It is hoped that women, who constitute more than half of the population, will vote for other women and ensure that their issues are represented in parliament. Furthermore, -> it is hoped that women will be able to bring about a change in the political culture of the country.
This growth proved short-lived, for a Swedish invasion ( 1655-56 ) devastated the flourishing city of Warsaw. In other words, -> the Swedish invasion of Poland in 1655-1656 was a disaster for the Polish capital.
This growth proved short-lived, for a Swedish invasion ( 1655-56 ) devastated the flourishing city of Warsaw. Furthermore, -> the Swedes occupied the city for a year and a half, and the Poles were unable to prevent them from looting the city.
The job gains mean that  President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office. In other words, -> the US economy has added more jobs than it has lost since he took office.
The job gains mean that  President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office. Furthermore, -> the unemployment rate has fallen from 5.7% to 4.9% since he took office.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation started an independent probe of the circumstances shortly after the White House made plain that President Bill Clinton considered industrial espionage a particular threat to US economic interests. In other words, -> the FBI was looking for a spy.

The FBI's investigation was not the only one.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation started an independent probe of the circumstances shortly after the White House made plain that President Bill Clinton considered industrial espionage a particular threat to US economic interests. Furthermore, -> the FBI is investigating whether the Chinese government was involved in the theft of the technology.
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases. In other words, -> coffee is good for you.
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases. Furthermore, -> the study also found that the more coffee a person drinks, the lower the risk of death.
A top aide to Ms. Bhutto, Senator Latif Khosa, says that on the day of her assassination, Ms. Bhutto planned to give two visiting U.S. lawmakers a thick dossier outlining numerous instances of government pre-poll rigging involving voter registration as well as intimidation of PPP supporters. "Everything was recorded in that, with all proofs that we have had, and with the independent reports of the foreign monitors who were also operating. Their reports also supported our allegations as to being substantial and as being true. So they were all recorded, but unfortunately she could not present the report because she was assassinated before she could do that," said Khosa. In other words, -> the dossier was to be a last-ditch effort to convince the U.S. government that the Pakistani government was not playing fair.
A top aide to Ms. Bhutto, Senator Latif Khosa, says that on the day of her assassination, Ms. Bhutto planned to give two visiting U.S. lawmakers a thick dossier outlining numerous instances of government pre-poll rigging involving voter registration as well as intimidation of PPP supporters. "Everything was recorded in that, with all proofs that we have had, and with the independent reports of the foreign monitors who were also operating. Their reports also supported our allegations as to being substantial and as being true. So they were all recorded, but unfortunately she could not present the report because she was assassinated before she could do that," said Khosa. Furthermore, -> he says, Ms. Bhutto had planned to give the dossier to the U.S.
South America - The President of Colombia Alvaro Uribe is scheduled to meet the President of Venezuela Hugo Chávez Thursday. Apparently the crisis between Venezuela and Colombia is almost solved. The crisis began with the imprisonment of the alleged FARC member Rodrigo Granda by Colombian forces on December 13, 2004. Venezuela accused Colombian of invading Venezuelan territory. Colombia accused Venezuela of harboring FARC terrorists. The President of Cuba, Fidel Castro, intervened in the crisis and talked to Chavez and Uribe. In other words, -> the crisis was solved by the intervention of Fidel Castro.
South America - The President of Colombia Alvaro Uribe is scheduled to meet the President of Venezuela Hugo Chávez Thursday. Apparently the crisis between Venezuela and Colombia is almost solved. The crisis began with the imprisonment of the alleged FARC member Rodrigo Granda by Colombian forces on December 13, 2004. Venezuela accused Colombian of invading Venezuelan territory. Colombia accused Venezuela of harboring FARC terrorists. The President of Cuba, Fidel Castro, intervened in the crisis and talked to Chavez and Uribe. Furthermore, -> the President of Ecuador, Lucio Gutiérrez, is scheduled to meet with the Presidents of Colombia and Venezuela on Friday.
The town is also home to the Dalai Lama and to more than 10,000 Tibetans living in exile. In other words, -> it is a place where the Tibetan cause is very much alive.
The town is also home to the Dalai Lama and to more than 10,000 Tibetans living in exile. Furthermore, -> it is the home of the Tibetan government-in-exile, the Central Tibetan Administration.
Adela Lupse was born in 1988 to a miner's family in the village of Poiana, Bihor in Transylvania, Romania. A member of Romania's first post-Ceausescu generation, she grasped the power of television at a young age: "I think television is the most interesting phenomenon that the modern day has given us....for my type of personality, I find it impressive, the power that television has worldwide....We dress like the people that television promotes. We want to look like the celebrities that television launches." In other words, -> Lupse's generation is the first to be raised on television, and television has become a major influence in their lives.
Adela Lupse was born in 1988 to a miner's family in the village of Poiana, Bihor in Transylvania, Romania. A member of Romania's first post-Ceausescu generation, she grasped the power of television at a young age: "I think television is the most interesting phenomenon that the modern day has given us....for my type of personality, I find it impressive, the power that television has worldwide....We dress like the people that television promotes. We want to look like the celebrities that television launches." Furthermore, -> she was inspired by the "power of television to change the world" and decided to become a television journalist.
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Smith Barney, now a unit of Citigroup, in 1998 settled discrimination cases involving hundreds of female employees. In other words, -> the problem is not new.
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Smith Barney, now a unit of Citigroup, in 1998 settled discrimination cases involving hundreds of female employees. Furthermore, -> the firm has been accused of discriminating against women in pay and promotions.
La Paz, 30 May 89 - La Paz Department Police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young U.S. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group summoned specially to clarify this crime. In other words, -> the investigation is being conducted by the same group that was in charge of the investigation into the murder of U.S.
La Paz, 30 May 89 - La Paz Department Police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young U.S. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group summoned specially to clarify this crime. Furthermore, -> the police have confirmed that the two young men were killed by a group of armed men who entered their house in the early hours of Sunday, May 27.
I asked myself how to understand the 'Twilight's success. And I have come to the idea that when you really believe in something, sooner or later it will become real. So, I guess this is what happened with Robert Pattinson. Last year he was just an unknown actor who's biggest role was in a pair of "Harry Potter" movies. Now, not only that Twilight is competing with 'Harry Potter', but Robert Pattinson is one of the most famous young actors who sucked $373.4 million from global box offices. So the movie about a vampire boy who falls in love with a normal girl, begun a real hysteria. And Pattinson has a lot to do with it!. In other words, -> the movie is not only about vampires, but also about the power of love. And this is what makes it so special.
I asked myself how to understand the 'Twilight's success. And I have come to the idea that when you really believe in something, sooner or later it will become real. So, I guess this is what happened with Robert Pattinson. Last year he was just an unknown actor who's biggest role was in a pair of "Harry Potter" movies. Now, not only that Twilight is competing with 'Harry Potter', but Robert Pattinson is one of the most famous young actors who sucked $373.4 million from global box offices. So the movie about a vampire boy who falls in love with a normal girl, begun a real hysteria. And Pattinson has a lot to do with it!. Furthermore, -> he is a very good actor. He is not only handsome, but also very talented.
Andreessen, who helped define the Internet revolution as part of team that created the first Internet browser (Mosaic) and his co-founding Netscape, told a packed hall at the San Francisco Marriott hotel Thursday that he is "extremely committed" to his startup Loudcloud. In other words, -> he's not going to be joining the board of directors of the new company.
Andreessen, who helped define the Internet revolution as part of team that created the first Internet browser (Mosaic) and his co-founding Netscape, told a packed hall at the San Francisco Marriott hotel Thursday that he is "extremely committed" to his startup Loudcloud. Furthermore, -> he said, he is "extremely committed" to the Internet.

"I'm not going anywhere," Andreessen said.
The Supreme Court said today states may bar the removal of life-sustaining treatment from comatose patients who have not made or cannot make their desires known. In other words, -> the court said, the Constitution does not require that a state must allow a patient to die if he or she is in a persistent vegetative state.
The Supreme Court said today states may bar the removal of life-sustaining treatment from comatose patients who have not made or cannot make their desires known. Furthermore, -> the court said, the state may require that a patient's family be notified before life-sustaining treatment is withdrawn.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has cleared the way for lesbian and gay couples in the state to marry, ruling that government attorneys "failed to identify any constitutionally adequate reason" to deny them the right. In other words, -> the court has ruled that the state's ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has cleared the way for lesbian and gay couples in the state to marry, ruling that government attorneys "failed to identify any constitutionally adequate reason" to deny them the right. Furthermore, -> the court said, "the Massachusetts Constitution affords them that right."

The ruling was issued on November 18, 2003.
Former WBA heavyweight champ Greg Page, who suffered a severe brain injury in a 2001 fight, has died at his Louisville home at the age of 50. According to Page's wife, the ex-champ died from complications due to boxing injuries and paralysis. Following a successful amateur career, Page went 58-17-1 during a professional career that began in 1979 and included wins over Jimmy Young, James Tillis, Renaldo Snipes, Gerrie Coetzee (for the WBA title), James 'Bonecrusher' Smith and Tim Witherspoon. Page's losses read like a who's who of heavyweights of the 1980s: Trevor Berbick, Witherspoon, Tony Tubbs, Buster Douglas, Joe Bugner, Orlin Norris, Donovan 'Razor' Ruddock, Bruce Seldon, Monte Barrett and Jorge Luis Gonzalez. In other words, -> Page was a legit heavyweight contender for a decade. Page's career was derailed by a severe brain injury suffered in a 2001 fight with Andrew Golota.
Former WBA heavyweight champ Greg Page, who suffered a severe brain injury in a 2001 fight, has died at his Louisville home at the age of 50. According to Page's wife, the ex-champ died from complications due to boxing injuries and paralysis. Following a successful amateur career, Page went 58-17-1 during a professional career that began in 1979 and included wins over Jimmy Young, James Tillis, Renaldo Snipes, Gerrie Coetzee (for the WBA title), James 'Bonecrusher' Smith and Tim Witherspoon. Page's losses read like a who's who of heavyweights of the 1980s: Trevor Berbick, Witherspoon, Tony Tubbs, Buster Douglas, Joe Bugner, Orlin Norris, Donovan 'Razor' Ruddock, Bruce Seldon, Monte Barrett and Jorge Luis Gonzalez. Furthermore, -> Page was a sparring partner for Mike Tyson during the former champ's training camp for his first fight with Berbick.
Prince Charles, Britain's heir to the throne, has announced that he is to wed his lover of 34 years, Camilla Parker Bowles. In a press statement, the Prince of Wales said "Mrs Parker Bowles and I are absolutely delighted. It will be a very special day for us and our families." Mrs Parker Bowles will use the title "HRH The Duchess of Cornwall" after their marriage, and it is intended that following the Prince's accession to the throne, Mrs Parker Bowles will use the title "HRH The Princess Consort". The pair are to marry on 8th April 2005 at a private civil ceremony in Windsor Castle, which will be an occasion primarily for friends and family. There will then be a service of prayer and dedication in St. George's Chapel, to be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Rowan Williams. In other words, -> the Prince of Wales is to marry his mistress in a civil ceremony, and then have a religious service to bless the union.
Prince Charles, Britain's heir to the throne, has announced that he is to wed his lover of 34 years, Camilla Parker Bowles. In a press statement, the Prince of Wales said "Mrs Parker Bowles and I are absolutely delighted. It will be a very special day for us and our families." Mrs Parker Bowles will use the title "HRH The Duchess of Cornwall" after their marriage, and it is intended that following the Prince's accession to the throne, Mrs Parker Bowles will use the title "HRH The Princess Consort". The pair are to marry on 8th April 2005 at a private civil ceremony in Windsor Castle, which will be an occasion primarily for friends and family. There will then be a service of prayer and dedication in St. George's Chapel, to be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Rowan Williams. Furthermore, -> the Prince of Wales has announced that he will be stepping down from his role as the Patron of the Scout Association, and that Mrs Parker Bowles will.
The Kota ( "Fort" ), or Old City, for example, sometimes called the downtown section, is the central business district and Indonesia's financial capital. In other words, -> it is the old part of the city, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Kota ( "Fort" ), or Old City, for example, sometimes called the downtown section, is the central business district and Indonesia's financial capital. Furthermore, -> it is the largest city in the world that is not a capital.
Known as "heap leach" mining, the method has become popular in the last decade because it enables microscopic bits of gold to be economically extracted from low-grade ore. In other words, -> it's a way to get gold out of dirt.
Known as "heap leach" mining, the method has become popular in the last decade because it enables microscopic bits of gold to be economically extracted from low-grade ore. Furthermore, -> the process is less environmentally damaging than traditional mining.
Recent satellite pictures of Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming from 2004 through 2006 are showing that an ancient volcano is starting to rise once again. Molten rock is currently pushing up the remains of the volcano's caldera, which sits over the top of Yellowstone lake, but scientists are stressing that there is no immediate threat of an eruption or explosion. The molten rock field is estimated to be the size of the city of Los Angeles, California. In other words, -> it is a very large area.

The Yellowstone caldera is the largest volcanic caldera in the world.
Recent satellite pictures of Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming from 2004 through 2006 are showing that an ancient volcano is starting to rise once again. Molten rock is currently pushing up the remains of the volcano's caldera, which sits over the top of Yellowstone lake, but scientists are stressing that there is no immediate threat of an eruption or explosion. The molten rock field is estimated to be the size of the city of Los Angeles, California. Furthermore, -> the molten rock is not currently moving towards the surface.
The U.S. Army acceded to a request from the local governor to keep U.S. troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf. In other words, -> the U.S. military is not going to fight the Mahdi Army in Najaf.
The U.S. Army acceded to a request from the local governor to keep U.S. troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf. Furthermore, -> the U.S. military has not been involved in any combat operations in Najaf since the end of major combat operations in Iraq.
The government of El Salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives, today, against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation, in which several persons were wounded and others died. In other words, -> the government of El Salvador condemns the terrorist attack against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation.
The government of El Salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives, today, against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation, in which several persons were wounded and others died. Furthermore, -> the government of El Salvador condemns the cowardly attack against the headquarters of the National Association of Salvadoran Students, in which several persons were wounded.
MIDWEST CITY, Okla. -- Fire crews in Oklahoma and Texas raced Thursday to control wind-whipped wildfires that destroyed dozens of homes, seriously injured two people, forced evacuations and shut down parts of a major highway. Howling wind that had gusted to more than 60 mph grounded firefighting efforts by air in both states and drove blazes that scorched neighborhoods like "a war zone," Midwest City police Chief Brandon Clabes said. "The wind is the biggest issue, because we can't get ahead of the fires," Midwest City Fire Marshal Jerry Lojka said. By nightfall, wind gusts dropped to about 30 mph in many areas. In other words, -> the worst was over.
MIDWEST CITY, Okla. -- Fire crews in Oklahoma and Texas raced Thursday to control wind-whipped wildfires that destroyed dozens of homes, seriously injured two people, forced evacuations and shut down parts of a major highway. Howling wind that had gusted to more than 60 mph grounded firefighting efforts by air in both states and drove blazes that scorched neighborhoods like "a war zone," Midwest City police Chief Brandon Clabes said. "The wind is the biggest issue, because we can't get ahead of the fires," Midwest City Fire Marshal Jerry Lojka said. By nightfall, wind gusts dropped to about 30 mph in many areas. Furthermore, -> the National Weather Service said the wind was expected to die down overnight.
New security steps taken by the Customs Service may not be enough to stop a terrorist from smuggling in nuclear weapons. In other words, -> the Customs Service may not be able to stop a terrorist from smuggling in nuclear weapons.
New security steps taken by the Customs Service may not be enough to stop a terrorist from smuggling in nuclear weapons. Furthermore, -> the Customs Service is not the only agency that has a role in protecting the United States from nuclear terrorism.
The drugs that slow down or halt Alzheimer's disease work best the earlier you administer them. In other words, -> the earlier you start, the better the results.

The drugs that slow down or halt Alzheimer's disease work best the earlier you administer them.
The drugs that slow down or halt Alzheimer's disease work best the earlier you administer them. Furthermore, -> the drugs that work best are the ones that are most effective in slowing down the disease.
Phoenix is searching for evidence of water and microbial life on Mars. Its mission is to determine Mars's ability or inability to host life and hold   water. The Phoenix lander uses a robotic arm to dig through the protective top soil layer to the alleged water ice below and ultimately bring both soil   and water ice to the lander platform for sophisticated scientific analysis. In other words, -> the Phoenix lander is a robotic life-detection machine.

The Phoenix lander is a robotic life-detection machine.
Phoenix is searching for evidence of water and microbial life on Mars. Its mission is to determine Mars's ability or inability to host life and hold   water. The Phoenix lander uses a robotic arm to dig through the protective top soil layer to the alleged water ice below and ultimately bring both soil   and water ice to the lander platform for sophisticated scientific analysis. Furthermore, -> Phoenix will use a robotic arm to collect and analyze samples of soil and ice.
Ren and Stimpy. Bugs Bunny. Philip J. Fry and Professor Hubert Farnsworth on Futurama. Sparx. Bi-Polar Bear. Popeye the Sailor Man. Woody Woodpecker. You may not think you have ever heard Billy West, but chances are on a television program, a movie, a commercial, or as Howard Stern's voice guru in the 1990's, you have heard him. West's talent for creating personalities by twisting his voice has made him one of a handful of voice actors - Hank Azaria and the late Mel Blanc come to mind - who have achieved celebrity for their talent. Indeed, West is one of the few voice actors who can impersonate Blanc in his prime, including characterizations of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Elmer Fudd and other characters from Warner Bros. cartoons. In other words, -> West is a master of his craft.
Ren and Stimpy. Bugs Bunny. Philip J. Fry and Professor Hubert Farnsworth on Futurama. Sparx. Bi-Polar Bear. Popeye the Sailor Man. Woody Woodpecker. You may not think you have ever heard Billy West, but chances are on a television program, a movie, a commercial, or as Howard Stern's voice guru in the 1990's, you have heard him. West's talent for creating personalities by twisting his voice has made him one of a handful of voice actors - Hank Azaria and the late Mel Blanc come to mind - who have achieved celebrity for their talent. Indeed, West is one of the few voice actors who can impersonate Blanc in his prime, including characterizations of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Elmer Fudd and other characters from Warner Bros. cartoons. Furthermore, -> West has been a voice actor for over 20 years, and has worked on a number of animated series, including The Ren & Stimpy Show, The.
We learn that Claretta Petacci, Mussolini's last mistress, had a tendency to whine and to lie all day in bed, eating chocolate. In other words, -> she was a typical Italian woman.
We learn that Claretta Petacci, Mussolini's last mistress, had a tendency to whine and to lie all day in bed, eating chocolate. Furthermore, -> she was a terrible cook.
Sunday's earthquake was felt in the southern Indian city of Madras on the mainland, as well as other parts of south India. The Naval meteorological office in Port Blair said it was the second biggest aftershock after the Dec. 26 earthquake. In other words, -> the aftershock was bigger than the original earthquake.

The U.S. Geological Survey said the aftershock had a magnitude of 7.
Sunday's earthquake was felt in the southern Indian city of Madras on the mainland, as well as other parts of south India. The Naval meteorological office in Port Blair said it was the second biggest aftershock after the Dec. 26 earthquake. Furthermore, -> the earthquake was felt in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, which were also hit by the Dec. 26 quake.
Both sides of this argument are presented in this paper, but it is the attempt of this paper to emphasize that the legalization of drugs would be destructive to our society. In other words, -> the legalization of drugs would be a bad idea.
Both sides of this argument are presented in this paper, but it is the attempt of this paper to emphasize that the legalization of drugs would be destructive to our society. Furthermore, -> it is the intent of this paper to show that the legalization of drugs would be a violation of the Constitution.
The publishing companies Bloomsbury (U.K.) and Scholastic (U.S.) released cover art for the seventh Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. "The structures around Harry show evident destruction and in the shadows behind him, we see outlines of other people," David Saylor, Scholastic's art director, said in a statement describing the U.S. version. "For the first time, the cover is a wraparound. On the back cover spidery hands are outstretched toward Harry. Only when the book is opened does one see a powerful image of "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named", his glowing red eyes peering out from his hood." In other words, -> the cover art is a bit of a tease.

The U.K.
The publishing companies Bloomsbury (U.K.) and Scholastic (U.S.) released cover art for the seventh Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. "The structures around Harry show evident destruction and in the shadows behind him, we see outlines of other people," David Saylor, Scholastic's art director, said in a statement describing the U.S. version. "For the first time, the cover is a wraparound. On the back cover spidery hands are outstretched toward Harry. Only when the book is opened does one see a powerful image of "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named", his glowing red eyes peering out from his hood." Furthermore, -> the U.S.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum. In other words, -> the city is a living museum of colonial architecture.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum. Furthermore, -> the city is home to the oldest mosque in Indonesia, Masjid Agung Demak (Great Mosque of Demak), which was built in 14.
Meadows scored a bit part in a January episode of "Law & Order". In other words, -> he's a working actor.

"I'm not a big fan of the whole 'celebrity' thing," he said.
Meadows scored a bit part in a January episode of "Law & Order". Furthermore, -> he appeared in the films "The Last Shot" (1998), "The Adventures of Sebastian Cole" (2001), and "The Stepford Husbands.
At around 14:00 UTC today, a man climbed over the perimeter fence and made his way onto the North runway, 27R, at London's  Heathrow Airport, the United Kingdom's largest airport. The man, who was carrying a rucksack, then attempted to run in front of a plane on the runway,  however it is believed that he was tackled to the ground by armed police before reaching the wide runway. In other words, -> he was stopped before he could commit suicide by airplane.

The man was arrested and taken to a local hospital for treatment.
At around 14:00 UTC today, a man climbed over the perimeter fence and made his way onto the North runway, 27R, at London's  Heathrow Airport, the United Kingdom's largest airport. The man, who was carrying a rucksack, then attempted to run in front of a plane on the runway,  however it is believed that he was tackled to the ground by armed police before reaching the wide runway. Furthermore, -> it is believed that the man was carrying a knife.
Grieving father Christopher Yavelow hopes to deliver one million letters to the queen of Holland to bring his children home. In other words, -> he is asking the queen to intervene in the case.
Grieving father Christopher Yavelow hopes to deliver one million letters to the queen of Holland to bring his children home. Furthermore, -> he is asking for a full investigation into the circumstances surrounding their deaths.

“I want to know what happened,” he said.
When Albright was the US ambassador to the United Nations, Lesley Stahl of "60 Minutes" asked her about the sanctions and the deaths of Iraqi children. Albright said it was America's responsibility to make sure the Gulf War did not have to be fought again. In other words, -> the deaths of Iraqi children were justified if it meant that the US would not have to fight another war.
When Albright was the US ambassador to the United Nations, Lesley Stahl of "60 Minutes" asked her about the sanctions and the deaths of Iraqi children. Albright said it was America's responsibility to make sure the Gulf War did not have to be fought again. Furthermore, -> she said, the price was worth it.
Unwilling to surrender his dream of beginning a Holy Land pilgrimage in Iraq, Pope John Paul II made a "virtual pilgrimage" Wednesday to Ur, the ancient city that is traditionally held to be the birthplace of Abraham. In other words, -> he went to the place where Abraham was born, but didn't actually go there.
Unwilling to surrender his dream of beginning a Holy Land pilgrimage in Iraq, Pope John Paul II made a "virtual pilgrimage" Wednesday to Ur, the ancient city that is traditionally held to be the birthplace of Abraham. Furthermore, -> the pope said, the biblical patriarch's descendants are still living in Iraq.
We look at the cool relationship between these two establishment families and how the party would fare with the son, Texas Gov. George W. Bush, and the wife, Elizabeth Dole, on the 2000 campaign trail. In other words, -> we look at the Bush-Dole ticket.

The Bush-Dole ticket is a good one for the party.
We look at the cool relationship between these two establishment families and how the party would fare with the son, Texas Gov. George W. Bush, and the wife, Elizabeth Dole, on the 2000 campaign trail. Furthermore, -> we look at the relationship between the two families and how it would affect the party.
As regards the headquarters building, the Swiss are stipulating that they would transfer it to the WTO for a value of about 51 million swiss franks. In other words, -> the Swiss are offering to pay for the building, which is worth about $50 million, and the Americans are refusing to accept this.
As regards the headquarters building, the Swiss are stipulating that they would transfer it to the WTO for a value of about 51 million swiss franks. Furthermore, -> the Swiss are offering to transfer the building to the WTO for a value of about 1.5 million swiss franks.
A plane crashed in North Carolina last year and most of the Blink-182 group was in there. The only survivors of the crash were DJ AM and musical partner Travis Barker. Less lucky, "Lil" Chris Baker, Barker's close friend and assistant, the Blink-182 drummer's bodyguard, Charles "Che" Still, the pilot and co-pilot died. Both AM and Barker suffered many injures, bad burns and they needed to stay in hospital for several weeks. Now AM asks $20 million in compensation for injuries he suffered. He lawsuits against plane maker Learjet and wants to gain $10 million for medical damages, lost earnings and profit and the same amount for mental and physical suffering. In other words, -> he wants $20 million.

The plane was a Learjet 35A, a small private jet.
A plane crashed in North Carolina last year and most of the Blink-182 group was in there. The only survivors of the crash were DJ AM and musical partner Travis Barker. Less lucky, "Lil" Chris Baker, Barker's close friend and assistant, the Blink-182 drummer's bodyguard, Charles "Che" Still, the pilot and co-pilot died. Both AM and Barker suffered many injures, bad burns and they needed to stay in hospital for several weeks. Now AM asks $20 million in compensation for injuries he suffered. He lawsuits against plane maker Learjet and wants to gain $10 million for medical damages, lost earnings and profit and the same amount for mental and physical suffering. Furthermore, -> he wants $5 million for pain and suffering.
VCU School of the Arts In Qatar is located in Doha, the capital city of Qatar. In other words, -> the distance between Richmond and Doha is 1,878 miles (3,009 kilometers).
VCU School of the Arts In Qatar is located in Doha, the capital city of Qatar. Furthermore, -> the school is located in Education City, which is a large educational complex that houses several other universities.
Pole Robert Kubica became the highlight of the weekend by winning the pole, but was slow off the start and finished third on the podium. Nick Heidfeld, his BMW Sauber teammate finished fourth. The results puts BMW as the new leader of the Constructors' championship, one point ahead of Scuderia Ferrari. Heikki Kovalainen came fifth and became the only McLaren driver to finish in the points. Jarno Trulli (Toyota) and Mark Webber (Red Bull-Renault) ran 6 and 7 places respectively with Nico Rosberg (Williams-Toyota) closing out the top eight with 1 point. Timo Glock (Toyota) was engaged in a hard battle with Fernando Alonso (Renault) and came 9th ahead of the Spanish 2005 F1 Champion. In other words, -> the top 10 was made up of 8 different teams.

The race was won by Lewis Hamilton, who started from pole position.
Pole Robert Kubica became the highlight of the weekend by winning the pole, but was slow off the start and finished third on the podium. Nick Heidfeld, his BMW Sauber teammate finished fourth. The results puts BMW as the new leader of the Constructors' championship, one point ahead of Scuderia Ferrari. Heikki Kovalainen came fifth and became the only McLaren driver to finish in the points. Jarno Trulli (Toyota) and Mark Webber (Red Bull-Renault) ran 6 and 7 places respectively with Nico Rosberg (Williams-Toyota) closing out the top eight with 1 point. Timo Glock (Toyota) was engaged in a hard battle with Fernando Alonso (Renault) and came 9th ahead of the Spanish 2005 F1 Champion. Furthermore, -> the German Grand Prix was the first race of the season where no British driver finished in the points.
Confident that those grading papers would understand answers written in text-speak, Haque stressed that in some exams, including English, text abbreviations would be penalized. In other words, -> students who wrote "u" for "you" or "2" for "to" would lose points.
Confident that those grading papers would understand answers written in text-speak, Haque stressed that in some exams, including English, text abbreviations would be penalized. Furthermore, -> he said, the use of text abbreviations in essays would be considered a “serious breach of academic integrity.
In reality, legalization would dramatically expand America's drug dependence, significantly increase the social costs of drug abuse, and put countless more innocent lives at risk. In other words, -> it would be a disaster.

The most obvious problem with legalization is that it would make drugs more accessible to children.
In reality, legalization would dramatically expand America's drug dependence, significantly increase the social costs of drug abuse, and put countless more innocent lives at risk. Furthermore, -> it would do nothing to reduce the violence and crime associated with the illegal drug trade.

The legalization of drugs would be a disaster for America.
Cote d'Ivoire's President, Laurent Gbagbo, promulgated new election laws on July 14. In other words, -> he has taken the first step towards holding elections.

The new laws are a step in the right direction, but they are not perfect.
Cote d'Ivoire's President, Laurent Gbagbo, promulgated new election laws on July 14. Furthermore, -> the government has announced that it will not recognize the results of the presidential election if the opposition candidate, Alassane Ouattara, wins.
On July 12 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio asks Pedro Santana Lopes to form a government. The new government is sworn in on July 17 and includes António Monteiro as foreign minister, Daniel Sanches as interior minister, and António Bago Flix as finance minister; Paulo Portas remains defense minister. In other words, -> the government is a continuation of the previous one.
On July 12 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio asks Pedro Santana Lopes to form a government. The new government is sworn in on July 17 and includes António Monteiro as foreign minister, Daniel Sanches as interior minister, and António Bago Flix as finance minister; Paulo Portas remains defense minister. Furthermore, -> Santana Lopes appoints Pedro Santana Carvalho as secretary of state for the presidency, and José Manuel Durão Barroso as secretary of state.
Hours earlier, Yasser Arafat called for an end to attacks against Israeli civilians in the two weeks before Israeli elections. In other words, -> Arafat is calling for a cease-fire.

The Israeli government has been saying that Arafat is not in control of the Palestinian Authority.
Hours earlier, Yasser Arafat called for an end to attacks against Israeli civilians in the two weeks before Israeli elections. Furthermore, -> he said that he would not allow any attacks against Israel from the Palestinian Authority-controlled areas.
The sunset, touching distant hills with ribbons of fire across the waters of the Dead Sea, brings a sense of unreality to culminate a day's visit to the lowest point on earth, some 400 meters below sea level. In other words, -> the Dead Sea is the lowest place on earth.

The Dead Sea is a salt lake, with a salinity of 34.
The sunset, touching distant hills with ribbons of fire across the waters of the Dead Sea, brings a sense of unreality to culminate a day's visit to the lowest point on earth, some 400 meters below sea level. Furthermore, -> the Dead Sea is the lowest point on earth that is not covered by water.
The provincial veterinarian with the Department of Forest Resources and Agrifoods, Dr. Hugh Whitney, confirmed today another case of rabies in Labrador, bringing the total number of confirmed rabies cases to nine in Labrador since November 2000. In other words, -> there have been nine confirmed cases of rabies in Labrador since the beginning of this year.
The provincial veterinarian with the Department of Forest Resources and Agrifoods, Dr. Hugh Whitney, confirmed today another case of rabies in Labrador, bringing the total number of confirmed rabies cases to nine in Labrador since November 2000. Furthermore, -> Dr. Whitney said that the number of confirmed cases of rabies in Labrador is now greater than the number of confirmed cases in Newfoundland and Labrador.
An American journalist of Russian descent, Klebnikov was shot four times by at least one assassin in a passing car as he stepped outside his office that evening in Moscow. In other words, -> he was murdered in the same way as Anna Politkovskaya, the journalist who had been investigating the war in Chechnya.
An American journalist of Russian descent, Klebnikov was shot four times by at least one assassin in a passing car as he stepped outside his office that evening in Moscow. Furthermore, -> the killers were able to escape the crime scene without being noticed by the security guards.
A powerful typhoon battered the northern and central Philippines with rains and winds Thursday, killing at least three people and cutting off roads. Authorities canceled flights and ferry service and shut down schools. Typhoon Xangsane, packing winds of 81 mph made landfall overnight in the Bicol central region and was forecast to pass through the capital Manila, the Philippine weather bureau said. In other words, -> the typhoon is not expected to hit Manila directly.
A powerful typhoon battered the northern and central Philippines with rains and winds Thursday, killing at least three people and cutting off roads. Authorities canceled flights and ferry service and shut down schools. Typhoon Xangsane, packing winds of 81 mph made landfall overnight in the Bicol central region and was forecast to pass through the capital Manila, the Philippine weather bureau said. Furthermore, -> the typhoon was expected to move across the South China Sea toward southern China.
Mount Olympus towers up from the center of the earth. In other words, -> the earth is a flat disk with a circular hole in the middle.
Mount Olympus towers up from the center of the earth. Furthermore, -> the earth is a flat disk, and the sun and moon are flat disks traveling around it.
Philadelphia is considered the birthplace of the United States of America, where the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were written and signed in the city's Independence Hall. In other words, -> it's a very historic city.
Philadelphia is considered the birthplace of the United States of America, where the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were written and signed in the city's Independence Hall. Furthermore, -> Philadelphia is home to the Liberty Bell, a symbol of American independence.
"It's Only a Play" is Terrence McNally's "Give My Regards to Broadway," a lightweight tribute to the theater as seen from the lofty but limited vantage point of Broadway artists who are consumed by New York's hit/flop mentality. In other words, -> it's a play about the theater that is not really about the theater.

The play is set in the lobby of the St.
"It's Only a Play" is Terrence McNally's "Give My Regards to Broadway," a lightweight tribute to the theater as seen from the lofty but limited vantage point of Broadway artists who are consumed by New York's hit/flop mentality. Furthermore, -> the playwright's affection for the theater is so great that he has written a play that is a love letter to the theater.
Note that SBB, CFF and FFS stand out for the main railway company, in German, French and Italian. In other words, -> the three main railway companies are abbreviated with their own name.
Note that SBB, CFF and FFS stand out for the main railway company, in German, French and Italian. Furthermore, -> the abbreviation for the German word "Schnellbahn" is S-Bahn, which is also used in Austria and Switzerland.
Los Angeles County probation officials say they are now studying how other counties recover juvenile detention costs, after admitting they mistakenly billed parents for days when youths were held in probation camps and halls. By law, California counties can bill parents and legal guardians for some daily costs of detaining youths, but only those whose parents can afford to pay. Last year, more than 20,000 youths were admitted to probation camps and halls, and L.A. County billed parents a daily charge of $11.94 for camps, $23.63 for halls. In other words, -> parents were billed for days when their children were in custody.
Los Angeles County probation officials say they are now studying how other counties recover juvenile detention costs, after admitting they mistakenly billed parents for days when youths were held in probation camps and halls. By law, California counties can bill parents and legal guardians for some daily costs of detaining youths, but only those whose parents can afford to pay. Last year, more than 20,000 youths were admitted to probation camps and halls, and L.A. County billed parents a daily charge of $11.94 for camps, $23.63 for halls. Furthermore, -> the county billed parents for days when their children were not in custody, but were in court or at a probation camp or hall for other reasons.
The witness then spotted Rodriguez crouching behind a gate for protection. In other words, -> he was hiding.

The witness said he saw Rodriguez shoot at the officers, who returned fire.
The witness then spotted Rodriguez crouching behind a gate for protection. Furthermore, -> the witness said that he saw Rodriguez shoot at the officers.

The witness said that he saw Rodriguez shoot at the officers.
A cataclysmic starquake is thought to have caused a flare of radiation that ripped past the Earth on December 27, battering instruments on satellites and lighting up our atmosphere. In other words, -> it was a pretty big deal.
A cataclysmic starquake is thought to have caused a flare of radiation that ripped past the Earth on December 27, battering instruments on satellites and lighting up our atmosphere. Furthermore, -> the starquake may have been caused by the merger of two neutron stars, which are the dense cores of dead stars.
The trial began today for a Pennsylvania state trooper accused of killing his girlfriend's estranged husband. Kevin Foley, 43, is accused of cutting the throat of John Yelenic, a dentist who was in the final stages of finalizing a divorce from his wife, Michele. According to prosecutors, Foley "loathed Dr. Yelenic" so much that he asked another fellow trooper to help him commit the alleged murder, which occurred in Yelenic's Blairsville home. In other words, -> Foley allegedly wanted to make sure Yelenic was dead.

The murder occurred in September of last year, and Foley was arrested in October.
The trial began today for a Pennsylvania state trooper accused of killing his girlfriend's estranged husband. Kevin Foley, 43, is accused of cutting the throat of John Yelenic, a dentist who was in the final stages of finalizing a divorce from his wife, Michele. According to prosecutors, Foley "loathed Dr. Yelenic" so much that he asked another fellow trooper to help him commit the alleged murder, which occurred in Yelenic's Blairsville home. Furthermore, -> prosecutors say that Foley and his co-conspirator, Trooper Ryan Luckenbaugh, then tried to cover up the murder by staging a burglary.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq. In other words, -> he is not a monster. But he is a politician, and he has to be seen to be doing the right thing.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq. Furthermore, -> he has sympathy for the families of those who have lost their lives in Iraq.
Mrs. Bush's approval ratings have remained very high, above 80%, even as her husband's have recently dropped below 50%. In other words, -> she is a political asset.
Mrs. Bush's approval ratings have remained very high, above 80%, even as her husband's have recently dropped below 50%. Furthermore, -> she has been able to maintain her popularity despite her husband's unpopularity.

In a speech in September 2002, Mrs.
Another factor in the rising cost of paper is the increased cost of wood pulp, from which paper is made In other words, -> the cost of paper is rising because the cost of wood is rising.

The cost of wood is rising because the demand for wood is rising.
Another factor in the rising cost of paper is the increased cost of wood pulp, from which paper is made Furthermore, -> the cost of paper has risen because of the increased cost of labor, energy, and transportation.
Though the exact date is debated, dogs are thought to have been domesticated by humans approximately 12,000 years ago. In other words, -> dogs have been living with humans for a very long time.
Though the exact date is debated, dogs are thought to have been domesticated by humans approximately 12,000 years ago. Furthermore, -> it is believed that the domestication of dogs occurred in several different locations around the world.
Wilson has, after all, produced all three Offspring albums, including "Smash," the one that has astonished everybody by selling 1 million copies in four months, establishing the heretofore unknown group as the leader, with Green Day, of an unprecedented wave of commercial success for punk. In other words, -> he's the guy who made it happen.

"I'm not a big fan of the music," Wilson says.
Wilson has, after all, produced all three Offspring albums, including "Smash," the one that has astonished everybody by selling 1 million copies in four months, establishing the heretofore unknown group as the leader, with Green Day, of an unprecedented wave of commercial success for punk. Furthermore, -> he has produced albums by the likes of the Ramones, the Vandals, Bad Religion and Pennywise.
Moscow believes that the waters of the Sea of Azov should remain in common use, but Kiev insists on a clear division. In other words, -> the Ukrainian authorities want to have the right to close the strait for Russian ships.
Moscow believes that the waters of the Sea of Azov should remain in common use, but Kiev insists on a clear division. Furthermore, -> Kiev has been blocking the construction of a bridge between Russia and Crimea, which Moscow has been planning to build for years.
Jerry Reinsdorf (born February 25 1936 in Brooklyn, New York) is the owner of Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Bulls. Recently, he helped the White Sox win the 2005 World Series and, in the process, collected his seventh championship ring overall (the first six were all with the Bulls in the 1990s), becoming the third owner in the history of North American sports to win a championship in two different sports. In other words, -> he is the only owner in the history of North American sports to win championships in two different sports in two different decades.
Jerry Reinsdorf (born February 25 1936 in Brooklyn, New York) is the owner of Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Bulls. Recently, he helped the White Sox win the 2005 World Series and, in the process, collected his seventh championship ring overall (the first six were all with the Bulls in the 1990s), becoming the third owner in the history of North American sports to win a championship in two different sports. Furthermore, -> he is the only owner in the history of sports to win championships in three different decades.
Quebec woman and her mother accused of plotting to kill a four-year-old girl. In other words, -> the government is not only going to be able to spy on you, but they are going to be able to kill you.
Quebec woman and her mother accused of plotting to kill a four-year-old girl. Furthermore, -> the woman’s mother was also charged with the same crime.
As a result of these weaknesses, computer systems and the operations that rely on the systems were highly vulnerable to tampering, disruption, and misuse from both internal and external sources. In other words, -> the systems were vulnerable to hacking.
As a result of these weaknesses, computer systems and the operations that rely on the systems were highly vulnerable to tampering, disruption, and misuse from both internal and external sources. Furthermore, -> the lack of a comprehensive, integrated, and automated system for detecting and responding to intrusions and other malicious activity in a timely manner hindered the ability of.
Thus began the journey that led Hannam, a 29-year-old free-lance journalist, on an international quest to solve one of the greatest mysteries of Asia: What happened to Lin Piao, the Chinese Communist Party leader accused of a 1971 plot to overthrow Chairman Mao. In other words, -> what happened to the man who might have been China's Deng Xiaoping?

Hannam's search took him from the dusty archives of the.
Thus began the journey that led Hannam, a 29-year-old free-lance journalist, on an international quest to solve one of the greatest mysteries of Asia: What happened to Lin Piao, the Chinese Communist Party leader accused of a 1971 plot to overthrow Chairman Mao. Furthermore, -> Hannam wanted to know why the Chinese government had kept the story of Lin's death secret for so long.
A new study conducted by researchers from University of Otago's Christchurch School of Medicine has found that certain chemical compounds naturally found in cruciferous vegetables help kill cancer cells that are particularly resistant to chemotherapy. The study has been published in Cancer Research. The research team found that chemicals called isothiocyanates cause cancer cells to commit suicide. This includes cells with high levels of the protein Bcl-2, which makes them resistant to chemotherapy. Isothiocyanates are naturally found in cruciferous vegetables. These include kale, cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, bok choy, radish, and watercress, among others. In other words, -> these vegetables are not only good for your health, but they can also help you fight cancer.
A new study conducted by researchers from University of Otago's Christchurch School of Medicine has found that certain chemical compounds naturally found in cruciferous vegetables help kill cancer cells that are particularly resistant to chemotherapy. The study has been published in Cancer Research. The research team found that chemicals called isothiocyanates cause cancer cells to commit suicide. This includes cells with high levels of the protein Bcl-2, which makes them resistant to chemotherapy. Isothiocyanates are naturally found in cruciferous vegetables. These include kale, cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, bok choy, radish, and watercress, among others. Furthermore, -> the study found that the isothiocyanates were able to kill cancer cells even when they were not exposed to chemotherapy.
Swedish massage is used to help relax muscles, increase circulation, remove metabolic waste products, help the recipient obtain a feeling of connectedness, a better awareness of their body and the way they use and position it. In other words, -> Swedish massage is used to help the recipient feel better.

Swedish massage is a very gentle form of massage.
Swedish massage is used to help relax muscles, increase circulation, remove metabolic waste products, help the recipient obtain a feeling of connectedness, a better awareness of their body and the way they use and position it. Furthermore, -> it is used to help the recipient obtain a feeling of well-being, relaxation and a better sense of balance.
An auto analyst for Bombay's Angel Broking, Vaishali Jajoo, predicted that the Nano will add only three percent to Tata's revenues even if it can sell a quarter of a million such cars per annum. "That doesn't make a significant difference to the top line," Jajoo said. "And for the bottom line, it will take five to six years to break even." Environmentalists say that the car will exacerbate traffic problems already rife in India, and help increase pollution levels. Tata, however, stated that its vehicle is the least polluting car in the country. In other words, -> the Nano is a car for the masses, not the elite.

The Nano is a car for the masses, not the elite.
An auto analyst for Bombay's Angel Broking, Vaishali Jajoo, predicted that the Nano will add only three percent to Tata's revenues even if it can sell a quarter of a million such cars per annum. "That doesn't make a significant difference to the top line," Jajoo said. "And for the bottom line, it will take five to six years to break even." Environmentalists say that the car will exacerbate traffic problems already rife in India, and help increase pollution levels. Tata, however, stated that its vehicle is the least polluting car in the country. Furthermore, -> the company said that the Nano will help reduce the number of cars on Indian roads, which are expected to double in the next decade.
The investigation came about following the collapse of Barings Bank, when one of its traders based in Singapore, Nick Leeson, amassed losses of the order of 600-700 million without the bank being aware of it. In other words, -> the bank was unaware of the risks it was running.
The investigation came about following the collapse of Barings Bank, when one of its traders based in Singapore, Nick Leeson, amassed losses of the order of 600-700 million without the bank being aware of it. Furthermore, -> the bank was not aware of the extent of the losses until the trader had already left Singapore and was in London.
Rotorua has banned criminals with five or more dishonesty convictions from entering the Central Business District (CBD). The criminals will be issued with trespass notices banning them from the main streets of Rotorua. Eleven out of twelve councillors, including the Rotorua mayor, supported the by-law along with support from the police. Kevin Winters, Mayor of Rotorua, said "The ban also had the support of local businesses, who wanted an end to the thefts, assaults, shoplifting and other street crime on Rotorua streets. Crime was an issue in the area. Five strikes and you're out." In other words, -> the criminals were given five strikes and then banned from the CBD.
Rotorua has banned criminals with five or more dishonesty convictions from entering the Central Business District (CBD). The criminals will be issued with trespass notices banning them from the main streets of Rotorua. Eleven out of twelve councillors, including the Rotorua mayor, supported the by-law along with support from the police. Kevin Winters, Mayor of Rotorua, said "The ban also had the support of local businesses, who wanted an end to the thefts, assaults, shoplifting and other street crime on Rotorua streets. Crime was an issue in the area. Five strikes and you're out." Furthermore, -> the by-law was supported by the New Zealand Police Association.
Tropical storm Koni dumped significant rains on the Philippines before becoming a minimal typhoon and eventually making landfall on the northern coast of Vietnam. In other words, -> Koni was a tropical cyclone that made landfall in two countries.
Tropical storm Koni dumped significant rains on the Philippines before becoming a minimal typhoon and eventually making landfall on the northern coast of Vietnam. Furthermore, -> the storm brought heavy rains to the Philippines, Taiwan, and China.
Cancer Research Campaign signed a deal with a US pharmaceuticals company to develop a pioneering cancer treatment. In other words, -> the charity was selling out.

The deal was with the US company, Medarex, which had developed a drug called Erbitux.
Cancer Research Campaign signed a deal with a US pharmaceuticals company to develop a pioneering cancer treatment. Furthermore, -> the charity has been working with the NHS to develop a new cancer drug.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were killed and 11 wounded when a suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber blew herself up inside a police station in the Sri Lankan capital on Wednesday, shattering more than two years of relative peace. In other words, -> the Sri Lankan government is not going to be able to stop the LTTE from killing people.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were killed and 11 wounded when a suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber blew herself up inside a police station in the Sri Lankan capital on Wednesday, shattering more than two years of relative peace. Furthermore, -> the Sri Lankan government has been accused of using heavy-handed tactics to quell the Tamil Tiger insurgency.
It has been observed that in those countries of the world where capital punishment is still in operation, the crime rate, especially murder, is distinctively low in comparison to countries where capital punishment has been discarded. In other words, -> the death penalty is a deterrent to murder.
It has been observed that in those countries of the world where capital punishment is still in operation, the crime rate, especially murder, is distinctively low in comparison to countries where capital punishment has been discarded. Furthermore, -> the murder rate in the United States has been declining steadily since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976.
Wal-Mart Stores has asked a US federal appeals court to review a judge's order approving class-action status for a sex-discrimination lawsuit. In other words, -> the company is asking the court to review the judge's decision to allow the case to be brought on behalf of all women who have worked at Wal-.
Wal-Mart Stores has asked a US federal appeals court to review a judge's order approving class-action status for a sex-discrimination lawsuit. Furthermore, -> the company has asked the court to reconsider its decision to allow the case to proceed as a class action.
Romano Prodi will meet the US President George Bush in his capacity as president of the European commission. In other words, -> he will be representing the EU as a whole.
Romano Prodi will meet the US President George Bush in his capacity as president of the European commission. Furthermore, -> he will meet the US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the US Secretary of Defence Donald Rumsfeld.
Thompson, a renegade journalist whose 'gonzo' style threw out any pretense at objectivity and established the hard-living writer as a counter-culture icon, fatally shot himself at his Colorado home on Sunday night, police said. In other words, -> he was a drug addict.
Thompson, a renegade journalist whose 'gonzo' style threw out any pretense at objectivity and established the hard-living writer as a counter-culture icon, fatally shot himself at his Colorado home on Sunday night, police said. Furthermore, -> Thompson's death was ruled a suicide, the Aspen Times reported.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders by telephone later this week in an effort to find an agreed candidate. In other words, -> the Irish Government is not going to be rushed into a decision.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders by telephone later this week in an effort to find an agreed candidate. Furthermore, -> he will seek to persuade the Irish Government to nominate a candidate.
General Miguel Maza Marquez, chief of the Colombian Administrative Department Of Security (DAS), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of Luis Carlos Galan, senator and Liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 August in Bogota. In other words, -> the DAS chief confirmed the participation of the CIA and the Israeli Mossad in the assassination.
General Miguel Maza Marquez, chief of the Colombian Administrative Department Of Security (DAS), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of Luis Carlos Galan, senator and Liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 August in Bogota. Furthermore, -> he said that the DAS had been investigating the possibility of a foreign link to the murder for some time.
Today's best estimate of giant panda numbers in the wild is about 1,100 individuals living in up to 32 separate populations mostly in China's Sichuan Province, but also in Shaanxi and Gansu provinces. In other words, -> the giant panda is not an endangered species, but it is a vulnerable one.
Today's best estimate of giant panda numbers in the wild is about 1,100 individuals living in up to 32 separate populations mostly in China's Sichuan Province, but also in Shaanxi and Gansu provinces. Furthermore, -> the giant panda is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List.

The giant panda is a conservation reliant endangered species.
There has been a lot of concern over the rise of drug-resistant bacteria. In other words, -> bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics.

The concern is that these bacteria will spread and become untreatable.
There has been a lot of concern over the rise of drug-resistant bacteria. Furthermore, -> the rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria is a major concern for the medical community.
Compuware claims that Allan Tortorice and Jim Hildner were among several former employees who revealed trade secrets after they moved to IBM. In other words, -> Compuware is claiming that Tortorice and Hildner were not only disloyal to Compuware, but they were disloyal to their.
Compuware claims that Allan Tortorice and Jim Hildner were among several former employees who revealed trade secrets after they moved to IBM. Furthermore, -> Compuware claims that Tortorice and Hildner were instrumental in recruiting other former Compuware employees to IBM.
Coextensive with the metropolitan district of Jakarta Raya, it lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of Java. In other words, -> it is the capital of the province of Jakarta.
Coextensive with the metropolitan district of Jakarta Raya, it lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of Java. Furthermore, -> it is the capital of the province of Jakarta.
P. Prayong, who like Kevala belongs to the Theravada sect of Buddhism, chose India over other Buddhist majority nations as it is the birthplace of Gautama Buddha. In other words, -> Prayong is a Thai Buddhist who chose India over other Buddhist nations.
P. Prayong, who like Kevala belongs to the Theravada sect of Buddhism, chose India over other Buddhist majority nations as it is the birthplace of Gautama Buddha. Furthermore, -> he said, India is a land of great spiritual and cultural heritage.

“The Buddha was born in India and attained enlightenment in India.
The memo, written by Marc Allen Connelly (who was general counsel to the funeral services commission at the time) and sent to Dick McNeil (the Bush-appointed chairman of the funeral commission), stated that Connelly "received information" from Texas state officials that two of the funeral commissioners worked for SCI. In other words, -> the memo was a warning that the two commissioners might have a conflict of interest.
The memo, written by Marc Allen Connelly (who was general counsel to the funeral services commission at the time) and sent to Dick McNeil (the Bush-appointed chairman of the funeral commission), stated that Connelly "received information" from Texas state officials that two of the funeral commissioners worked for SCI. Furthermore, -> the memo stated that the funeral commission had "no knowledge" of the fact that SCI was a "major competitor" of the state-owned and.
A U.S. Court of Appeals on Friday has declared unconstitutional California Assembly Bills 1792 & 1793, the California "ultraviolent video games law" that sought to ban the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. Federal judge Consuelo M. Callahan has ruled that the 2005 statewide ban, which has yet to be enforced, violates minors' rights under the US Constitution's First and 14th amendment because even the most graphic on-screen mayhem, video game content represents free speech that cannot be censored without proper justification. In other words, -> the court has ruled that the California law is unconstitutional because it is too vague and does not provide sufficient guidance to retailers and parents.
A U.S. Court of Appeals on Friday has declared unconstitutional California Assembly Bills 1792 & 1793, the California "ultraviolent video games law" that sought to ban the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. Federal judge Consuelo M. Callahan has ruled that the 2005 statewide ban, which has yet to be enforced, violates minors' rights under the US Constitution's First and 14th amendment because even the most graphic on-screen mayhem, video game content represents free speech that cannot be censored without proper justification. Furthermore, -> the judge ruled that the law was too vague and would have a chilling effect on the video game industry.
A farmer who was in contact with cows suffering from BSE -- the so-called mad cow disease -- has died from what is regarded as the human form of the disease. In other words, -> the disease has been transmitted to humans.

The farmer, who was in his 50s, died in the northern town of Irigny.
A farmer who was in contact with cows suffering from BSE -- the so-called mad cow disease -- has died from what is regarded as the human form of the disease. Furthermore, -> the man's wife has been diagnosed with the disease.

The man, who was in his 50s, died in December last year.
BEIRUT, Nov. 21 (Xinhua) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday, al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying. In other words, -> the Lebanese government is not in control of the country. The government is not in control of the country.
BEIRUT, Nov. 21 (Xinhua) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday, al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying. Furthermore, -> the Lebanese army said in a statement that the gunmen fled the scene after the shooting.
US President Barack Obama has been sketching out the future direction of his administration, in events to mark his first 100 days in office. Mr Obama addressed a town hall meeting in St Louis before holding a primetime news conference, broadcast live on most US TV networks. Traditionally, commentators have used the milestone to assess presidents' early successes and failures. Latest polls suggest Mr Obama continues to enjoy a high level of popularity. In other words, -> the president is still riding high. But the honeymoon period is over.
US President Barack Obama has been sketching out the future direction of his administration, in events to mark his first 100 days in office. Mr Obama addressed a town hall meeting in St Louis before holding a primetime news conference, broadcast live on most US TV networks. Traditionally, commentators have used the milestone to assess presidents' early successes and failures. Latest polls suggest Mr Obama continues to enjoy a high level of popularity. Furthermore, -> the president's approval ratings have been rising steadily since the beginning of the year.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq. In other words, -> he is not a monster. But he is a politician, and he has to be seen to be doing the right thing.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq. Furthermore, -> he has sympathy for the families of the soldiers who have died in Iraq.
While Bush was in the air, the White House was evacuated, with many employees running away from the premises on orders from Secret Service agents. In other words, -> the White House was evacuated before the Pentagon was hit.
While Bush was in the air, the White House was evacuated, with many employees running away from the premises on orders from Secret Service agents. Furthermore, -> the Secret Service had been told to shoot down any aircraft that did not respond to orders to land.
About half were along a 20-mile stretch of Santa Monica Bay from Topanga Canyon Boulevard to the Palos Verdes Peninsula. In other words, -> the vast majority of the sightings were in the same general area.
About half were along a 20-mile stretch of Santa Monica Bay from Topanga Canyon Boulevard to the Palos Verdes Peninsula. Furthermore, -> the number of sightings has increased in recent years, with the first sighting in the area occurring in the late 1960s.
The beleaguered Euro-Disney theme park outside Paris is doing so poorly it might have to close unless it gets help soon from its lenders, the chairman of Walt Disney Co. said in an interview published Friday. In other words, -> the French are going to have to bail out Euro-Disney.
The beleaguered Euro-Disney theme park outside Paris is doing so poorly it might have to close unless it gets help soon from its lenders, the chairman of Walt Disney Co. said in an interview published Friday. Furthermore, -> the company's chief financial officer said Disney is not interested in buying the park.
Four days of talks got underway with the US announcing the first significant overture to North Korea since George W Bush took office three years ago. In other words, -> the US is now willing to talk to North Korea.
Four days of talks got underway with the US announcing the first significant overture to North Korea since George W Bush took office three years ago. Furthermore, -> the US said it would be willing to take part in multilateral talks with North Korea, China, Japan and South Korea.
"The professoressa is a bit tired," an adviser to Rita Levi-Montalcini warned me as I prepared to interview Italy's Nobel prize-winning Life Senator on the eve of her 100th birthday. "Don't wear her out." I arrive to find the professoressa, as she is universally known, in the dress shop below her office in Rome, in an elegant black dress buttoned to the neck and a gold brooch of her own design, white hair immaculately coiffed, examining the rails of clothes with close and lively attention. In other words, -> she is not tired at all.

"I'm not tired," she says, "but I am a bit old.
"The professoressa is a bit tired," an adviser to Rita Levi-Montalcini warned me as I prepared to interview Italy's Nobel prize-winning Life Senator on the eve of her 100th birthday. "Don't wear her out." I arrive to find the professoressa, as she is universally known, in the dress shop below her office in Rome, in an elegant black dress buttoned to the neck and a gold brooch of her own design, white hair immaculately coiffed, examining the rails of clothes with close and lively attention. Furthermore, -> she is not tired at all.

"I'm not tired," she says, "but I'm a little bit bored.
Jean-Claude Trichet, the European Central Bank president, made it clear, on Wednesday, that he would oppose unwarranted political attempts to remove Antonio Fazio: the Bank of Italy governor, engulfed in controversy over his handling of bank takeover bids. In other words, -> the ECB is not going to allow the Italian government to remove Fazio.
Jean-Claude Trichet, the European Central Bank president, made it clear, on Wednesday, that he would oppose unwarranted political attempts to remove Antonio Fazio: the Bank of Italy governor, engulfed in controversy over his handling of bank takeover bids. Furthermore, -> Mr Trichet said, the ECB would not tolerate any attempt to undermine the independence of the Bank of Italy.
He said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador. In other words, -> the Jesuit murders were not the work of the FMLN, but of the army.
He said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador. Furthermore, -> he said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador.
Foreign Carmakers Gain in Russia. The likes of Daewoo, Ford, Renault, and more can't produce fast enough. In other words, -> the Russian market is growing.

The Russian government is also trying to help the industry by offering tax breaks and other incentives.
Foreign Carmakers Gain in Russia. The likes of Daewoo, Ford, Renault, and more can't produce fast enough. Furthermore, -> the Russian government is offering incentives to foreign carmakers to build plants in Russia.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory. In other words, -> the west has been more concerned with the fate of elephants than the fate of Africans.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory. Furthermore, -> the west has been more concerned with the fate of the polar bear than the fate of the Inuit.
The abode of the Greek gods was on the summit of Mount Olympus, in Thessaly. In other words, -> the Greek gods were the same as the Hindu gods. The Greek gods were also the same as the Roman gods.
The abode of the Greek gods was on the summit of Mount Olympus, in Thessaly. Furthermore, -> the Greek gods were not immortal, and they could be wounded and killed.
Yachtsman Melvyn Percy became so fed up with the standard of service when preparing his boat for the 3000-mile Atlantic crossing that he decided to set up his own company on the Clyde to provide Scots sailors with professional advice and practical assistance. Minerva Rigging, based at Kip Marina just south of Gourock, now employs five full-time staff and is the Scottish agent for Kemp, one of Europe's leading yacht spar and mast manufacturers. In other words, -> it is a one-stop shop for all your rigging needs.
Yachtsman Melvyn Percy became so fed up with the standard of service when preparing his boat for the 3000-mile Atlantic crossing that he decided to set up his own company on the Clyde to provide Scots sailors with professional advice and practical assistance. Minerva Rigging, based at Kip Marina just south of Gourock, now employs five full-time staff and is the Scottish agent for Kemp, one of Europe's leading yacht spar and mast manufacturers. Furthermore, -> the company has just signed a deal with the Royal Yachting Association to provide rigging services for the RYA's new National Training Centre at Garel.
The number of Danes opposed to swapping the krone for the euro has increased slightly to 35.3 percent, up from 34.6 percent in April, according to a poll published on Thursday by Danske Bank. In other words, -> the number of Danes who want to join the euro has fallen to 34.6 percent from 35.2 percent in April.
The number of Danes opposed to swapping the krone for the euro has increased slightly to 35.3 percent, up from 34.6 percent in April, according to a poll published on Thursday by Danske Bank. Furthermore, -> the number of people who are undecided has increased to 17.3 percent from 15.6 percent in April.
PERSPECTIVE ON BOSNIA; A BALKANS PEACE THAT CANNOT LAST In other words, -> the Bosnian peace is a peace that cannot last.
PERSPECTIVE ON BOSNIA; A BALKANS PEACE THAT CANNOT LAST Furthermore, -> the Bosnian Serbs have been given a free hand to do as they please in the areas under their control.
Texas Data Recovery is also successful at retrieving lost data from notebooks and laptops, regardless of age, make or model. In other words, -> if you have a notebook or laptop that has crashed and you need to retrieve your data, we can help.
Texas Data Recovery is also successful at retrieving lost data from notebooks and laptops, regardless of age, make or model. Furthermore, -> we can also recover data from hard drives, flash drives, and other storage devices.
Nearly five months later on January 24, 1935, the passenger vessel MOHAWK sank after colliding with the Norwegian motorship TALISMAN, and 45 people lost their lives. In other words, -> the MOHAWK was the second ship to sink in the St. Lawrence River in less than a year.
Nearly five months later on January 24, 1935, the passenger vessel MOHAWK sank after colliding with the Norwegian motorship TALISMAN, and 45 people lost their lives. Furthermore, -> the MOHAWK was carrying a cargo of explosives, and the resulting explosion was so powerful that it was heard as far away as Cape May,.
To mark the 20th anniversary of John Lennon's death tomorrow (December 8), his widow, Yoko Ono, has erected billboards supporting gun control in three major U.S. cities. In other words, -> she's using her husband's death to push her own political agenda.
To mark the 20th anniversary of John Lennon's death tomorrow (December 8), his widow, Yoko Ono, has erected billboards supporting gun control in three major U.S. cities. Furthermore, -> Ono has also launched a website, www.imaginepeace.com, which features a petition to Congress to pass stricter gun control laws.
The court in Angers handed down sentences ranging from four months suspended to 28 years for, among others, Philppe V., the key accused. The court found that he, along with his son Franck V. and Franck's former spouse, Patricia M., was one the instigators of a sex ring that abused 45 children, mostly in the couple's flat. The abuses of children aged between six months and 12 years took place in a poor and deprived area of the western french town of Angers. Many of the defendants were poor and lived on benefits and some were mentally impaired. About 20 of them admitted to the charges, while others claimed to have never heard of a sex ring. In other words, -> they were all found guilty.

The case was first brought to light in 2008 when a mother of a victim went to the police.
The court in Angers handed down sentences ranging from four months suspended to 28 years for, among others, Philppe V., the key accused. The court found that he, along with his son Franck V. and Franck's former spouse, Patricia M., was one the instigators of a sex ring that abused 45 children, mostly in the couple's flat. The abuses of children aged between six months and 12 years took place in a poor and deprived area of the western french town of Angers. Many of the defendants were poor and lived on benefits and some were mentally impaired. About 20 of them admitted to the charges, while others claimed to have never heard of a sex ring. Furthermore, -> the court found that the abuse was not confined to the V. family, but also involved other families in the neighbourhood.
The mistaken spelling, Miller explained, was made in a section of her notes unrelated to the interviews with Libby.  Other notes documented 3 interviews with Libby, conducted in the year 2003, that in her NYT column she wrote: June 23) ... Mr. Libby raised the subject of Mr. Wilson's wife for the first time. I wrote in my notes, inside parentheses, "Wife works in bureau?" I told Mr. Fitzgerald that I believed this was the first time I had been told that Mr. Wilson's wife might work for the C.I.A. In other words, -> I did not believe that Mr. Libby had told me this in our June 23, 2003, conversation. I told Mr.
The mistaken spelling, Miller explained, was made in a section of her notes unrelated to the interviews with Libby.  Other notes documented 3 interviews with Libby, conducted in the year 2003, that in her NYT column she wrote: June 23) ... Mr. Libby raised the subject of Mr. Wilson's wife for the first time. I wrote in my notes, inside parentheses, "Wife works in bureau?" I told Mr. Fitzgerald that I believed this was the first time I had been told that Mr. Wilson's wife might work for the C.I.A. Furthermore, -> I told Mr. Fitzgerald that I had no independent recollection of Mr. Libby ever telling me that Mr. Wilson's wife worked at the C.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection. In other words, -> Microsoft is trying to make Hotmail more attractive to users who are already using Gmail.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection. Furthermore, -> the company will be offering a new service called "Windows Live OneCare," which will provide users with a single place to manage their security and privacy settings.
Capital punishment acts as a deterrent. In other words, -> it is a way of preventing crime.

The death penalty is not a deterrent. It does not prevent crime.
Capital punishment acts as a deterrent. Furthermore, -> it is a just punishment for the most heinous crimes.

The death penalty is not a deterrent. It does not act as a deterrent.
Despite Bjork making her first live performance in two years, the crowd of 10,000 people was only half of what the hall in the Tokyo suburb of Makuhari could hold. In other words, -> the concert was a flop.
Despite Bjork making her first live performance in two years, the crowd of 10,000 people was only half of what the hall in the Tokyo suburb of Makuhari could hold. Furthermore, -> the concert was not sold out.
A condition called "social anxiety disorder" this week joined the long list of downers in life - including obesity, impotence, depression and phobia - that Americans once commonly saw as challenges of willpower and character but can now have treated by popping a pill. In other words, -> the new disorder is a mental illness.
A condition called "social anxiety disorder" this week joined the long list of downers in life - including obesity, impotence, depression and phobia - that Americans once commonly saw as challenges of willpower and character but can now have treated by popping a pill. Furthermore, -> the drug is not a new, untested chemical but one that has been used for decades to treat depression.
Two brothers who operated a North Hollywood plating company that dumped thousands of gallons of cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system pleaded guilty Thursday and must serve jail time for recklessly handling and storing hazardous materials. In other words, -> they were caught.

The brothers, who owned and operated Plating Specialties Inc.
Two brothers who operated a North Hollywood plating company that dumped thousands of gallons of cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system pleaded guilty Thursday and must serve jail time for recklessly handling and storing hazardous materials. Furthermore, -> the brothers must pay $1.5 million in fines and restitution.
Italian film-maker, Fellini was awarded an honorary Oscar for lifetime achievement. He died on October 31, 1993. In other words, -> the film was made in the early 1960s.

The film is a satire on the Roman Catholic Church and its rituals.
Italian film-maker, Fellini was awarded an honorary Oscar for lifetime achievement. He died on October 31, 1993. Furthermore, -> he was a member of the jury at the Cannes Film Festival in 1946, 1947, 1949, 1951, 1955, 1957, 1959 and 1961.
On Jan. 27, 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria. In other words, -> he was born on this day in 1756.

In 1809, the first U.S.
On Jan. 27, 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria. Furthermore, -> on this day in 1831, the first U.S. patent for a typewriter was issued to John Pratt of Hartford, Conn.
Research workers of the German archaeological institute have discovered a mummy in permafrost at excavation work in Mongolia of approximately 2,500 years old. In other words, -> the mummy is about 1,500 years older than the famous Ötzi the Iceman.
Research workers of the German archaeological institute have discovered a mummy in permafrost at excavation work in Mongolia of approximately 2,500 years old. Furthermore, -> the mummy is of a woman, who was buried with a child.
Miller died Thursday night, of congestive heart failure, at his home in Roxbury, Conn., surrounded by his family, his assistant, Julia Bolus, said Friday. In other words, -> he was a man who lived life to the fullest.

Miller was born in Roxbury on Aug.
Miller died Thursday night, of congestive heart failure, at his home in Roxbury, Conn., surrounded by his family, his assistant, Julia Bolus, said Friday. Furthermore, -> Miller's family has requested that in lieu of flowers, donations be made to the Actors' Fund of America.
Although he has enough of a support base to be able to create a mass civil disobedience movement, some analysts think that his campaign will be, at best, a thorn in Mr Calderon's side. In other words, -> he will be able to make a lot of noise, but not much else.
Although he has enough of a support base to be able to create a mass civil disobedience movement, some analysts think that his campaign will be, at best, a thorn in Mr Calderon's side. Furthermore, -> the PRD's candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, is a former mayor of Mexico City who has been running for president since 2006.
NEW YORK —  Somali pirates attacked and damaged an American ship carrying humanitarian aid Tuesday, but the ship and crew were safe under Navy escort, the military and shipping company said. The pirates fired rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons at the Liberty Sun as it carried food for famine-wracked African nations, said the vessel's owner, Liberty Maritime Corp. The ship was en route from Houston to Mombasa, Kenya, with a roughly 20-member crew, officials said. . In other words, -> the ship was carrying food to Africa. And the pirates attacked it.
NEW YORK —  Somali pirates attacked and damaged an American ship carrying humanitarian aid Tuesday, but the ship and crew were safe under Navy escort, the military and shipping company said. The pirates fired rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons at the Liberty Sun as it carried food for famine-wracked African nations, said the vessel's owner, Liberty Maritime Corp. The ship was en route from Houston to Mombasa, Kenya, with a roughly 20-member crew, officials said. . Furthermore, -> the ship was carrying food aid for the United Nations World Food Program. The ship was carrying food aid for the United Nations World Food Program.
"Bea Arthur and I first met when we did 'Mame' together in 1965. She became and has remained 'My Bosom Buddy' ever since. I am deeply saddened by her passing, but also relieved that she is released from the pain. I spoke to Matt, her son, yesterday and I was aware that her time was imminent. She was a rare and unique performer and a dear, dear friend." Arthur passed away at her home on Saturday at the age of 86. Angela Lansbury is appearing in the current revival of Blithe Spirit which began preview performances on Thursday, February 26, 2009 and had an official opening on Sunday, March 15, 2009 at The Shubert Theatre (225 West 44th Street). In other words, -> Angela Lansbury is appearing in the current revival of Blithe Spirit which began preview performances on Thursday, February 26, 2009 and had an official opening on.
"Bea Arthur and I first met when we did 'Mame' together in 1965. She became and has remained 'My Bosom Buddy' ever since. I am deeply saddened by her passing, but also relieved that she is released from the pain. I spoke to Matt, her son, yesterday and I was aware that her time was imminent. She was a rare and unique performer and a dear, dear friend." Arthur passed away at her home on Saturday at the age of 86. Angela Lansbury is appearing in the current revival of Blithe Spirit which began preview performances on Thursday, February 26, 2009 and had an official opening on Sunday, March 15, 2009 at The Shubert Theatre (225 West 44th Street). Furthermore, -> Angela Lansbury is scheduled to appear in the current revival of Blithe Spirit which began preview performances on Thursday, February 26, 2009 and had an official.
The girl was found in Drummondville. In other words, -> she was found in the same place where the other girl was found.
The girl was found in Drummondville. Furthermore, -> the girl was found in a house that was owned by a man who was known to be a friend of the father.
This is a kind of homework from last year's Halifax Summit. Discussions have taken place on how to rationalize and coordinate the various activities of the international organizations. In other words, -> how to make them work together better.

The idea is to have a kind of "secretariat" for the international organizations.
This is a kind of homework from last year's Halifax Summit. Discussions have taken place on how to rationalize and coordinate the various activities of the international organizations. Furthermore, -> the G-7 countries have agreed to establish a new organization, the International Development Finance Corporation, which will be responsible for coordinating the activities of the international.
For women earning 22,000 a year, the total pay accumulated after six months maternity leave would be just 5,300 in the UK and 5,850 in Ireland. Entitlements in Germany would also be relatively low, at 5,900, along with those in France, Spain and the Netherlands, all at 6,750. At the other end of the scale, pay received after six months leave in Italy would be 9,150 while in Denmark and Norway it would be as much as 11,000. In other words, -> the UK and Ireland are at the bottom of the league table for pay received after six months maternity leave.
For women earning 22,000 a year, the total pay accumulated after six months maternity leave would be just 5,300 in the UK and 5,850 in Ireland. Entitlements in Germany would also be relatively low, at 5,900, along with those in France, Spain and the Netherlands, all at 6,750. At the other end of the scale, pay received after six months leave in Italy would be 9,150 while in Denmark and Norway it would be as much as 11,000. Furthermore, -> the UK and Ireland are the only two countries in the EU where fathers are not entitled to any paid leave.
The biggest newspaper in Norway, Verdens Gang, prints a letter to the editor written by Joe Harrington and myself. In other words, -> the biggest newspaper in Norway prints a letter to the editor written by two Americans.
The biggest newspaper in Norway, Verdens Gang, prints a letter to the editor written by Joe Harrington and myself. Furthermore, -> the letter is published in the largest newspaper in Sweden, Dagens Nyheter.
Spirou was created in 1938 by Rob-Vel, who sold the rights to the Dupuis publishing house in early 40's. Other artists like Jije (Joseph Gillain) took care of the feature. In other words, -> the first years of the series were not written by Franquin.
Spirou was created in 1938 by Rob-Vel, who sold the rights to the Dupuis publishing house in early 40's. Other artists like Jije (Joseph Gillain) took care of the feature. Furthermore, -> the series was published in the magazine "Spirou" and later in "Robbedoes".
Zahi Hawass, Egypt's pre-eminent archaeologist, revealed the first ancient artifacts which may lead to the discovery of Cleopatra and Marc Antony's resting place.  The expedition has found amulets, 22 bronze coins cast with Cleopatra's image and her name, a royal statue, an alabaster mask resembling Marc Antony, and a statue bust of Cleopatra. "If you look at the face of Mark Antony, many believed he had this cleft on his chin and that's why I thought this could be Mark Antony," said Hawass.  "In my opinion, if this tomb is found, it will be one of the most important discoveries of the 21st century because of the love between Cleopatra and Mark Antony, and because of the sad story of their death. This is the perfect place for them to be hidden," said Hawass. In other words, -> the tomb of Cleopatra and Marc Antony has not been found yet.
Zahi Hawass, Egypt's pre-eminent archaeologist, revealed the first ancient artifacts which may lead to the discovery of Cleopatra and Marc Antony's resting place.  The expedition has found amulets, 22 bronze coins cast with Cleopatra's image and her name, a royal statue, an alabaster mask resembling Marc Antony, and a statue bust of Cleopatra. "If you look at the face of Mark Antony, many believed he had this cleft on his chin and that's why I thought this could be Mark Antony," said Hawass.  "In my opinion, if this tomb is found, it will be one of the most important discoveries of the 21st century because of the love between Cleopatra and Mark Antony, and because of the sad story of their death. This is the perfect place for them to be hidden," said Hawass. Furthermore, -> the expedition has found a large number of statues and busts of the Roman emperor Augustus, who defeated Marc Antony and Cleopatra in the battle.
Russian Public Television head Vladislav Listyev is shot in the heart by an unknown gunman outside his Moscow home. The attack is linked to opponents of an advertising ban he had proposed for the television channel. In other words, -> he was killed for doing his job.
Russian Public Television head Vladislav Listyev is shot in the heart by an unknown gunman outside his Moscow home. The attack is linked to opponents of an advertising ban he had proposed for the television channel. Furthermore, -> Listyev had been a critic of the Chechen war.
Toshiba, with NEC Corp. and Sanyo Electric Co. Ltd., has been promoting a technology called HD DVD while Sony, along with Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. (maker of Panasonic brand products), has been pushing for Blu-ray. In other words, -> the two camps are fighting over the same market.
Toshiba, with NEC Corp. and Sanyo Electric Co. Ltd., has been promoting a technology called HD DVD while Sony, along with Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. (maker of Panasonic brand products), has been pushing for Blu-ray. Furthermore, -> the two camps have been fighting over the licensing of patents.

The HD DVD camp has been gaining ground in the U.S.
In clashes between Israeli forces and gunmen, one Palestinian was killed and 10 wounded, hospital officials said. In other words, -> the Israeli army is not only killing Palestinians, but also wounding them.
In clashes between Israeli forces and gunmen, one Palestinian was killed and 10 wounded, hospital officials said. Furthermore, -> Israeli troops arrested at least 10 Palestinians in the West Bank, including two Hamas members.
But the message delivered by their performance piece was mostly sad and raw. After just three weeks on the road, one of the two Italian artists, Pippa Bacca, 33, was killed by a driver who offered her a ride. Her naked body was found on April 11 in some bushes near a Turkish village after a suspect led investigators to the site. Although an official cause of death has not been given, local Turkish authorities said Ms. Bacca had been raped and strangled. In other words, -> she was murdered.

The other artist, hitchBOT, was found in a similar state, lying in a pool of its own blood.
But the message delivered by their performance piece was mostly sad and raw. After just three weeks on the road, one of the two Italian artists, Pippa Bacca, 33, was killed by a driver who offered her a ride. Her naked body was found on April 11 in some bushes near a Turkish village after a suspect led investigators to the site. Although an official cause of death has not been given, local Turkish authorities said Ms. Bacca had been raped and strangled. Furthermore, -> the suspect, a Turkish man, was arrested on suspicion of murder.
Egypt on Thursday strongly criticized Israeli new Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman for his remarks that he refused to recognize the peace efforts initiated in 2007 in the U.S. city of Annapolis to restore the peace talks with the Palestinians, reported the state MENA news agency. Lieberman's remarks is "regrettable," Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki was quoted as saying, adding "his remarks are the first blow to the peace efforts to come from the Israeli new government." In other words, -> the Egyptian government is saying that it will not recognize the peace efforts initiated by the U.S. in Annapolis, Maryland in 2007.
Egypt on Thursday strongly criticized Israeli new Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman for his remarks that he refused to recognize the peace efforts initiated in 2007 in the U.S. city of Annapolis to restore the peace talks with the Palestinians, reported the state MENA news agency. Lieberman's remarks is "regrettable," Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki was quoted as saying, adding "his remarks are the first blow to the peace efforts to come from the Israeli new government." Furthermore, -> Zaki said that the Israeli new government is "not serious" about the peace efforts, adding that the Israeli new government is "not serious" about.
Napkins, invitations and plain old paper cost more than they did a month ago. In other words, -> the cost of living is going up.

The price of a barrel of oil has gone up by $10 in the last month.
Napkins, invitations and plain old paper cost more than they did a month ago. Furthermore, -> the cost of printing is going up.
The Daily Telegraph, most prized asset in Lord Conrad Black's crumbling media empire, has been sold to Britain's Barclay twins. In other words, -> the Telegraph has been sold to the people who own the Daily Mail.
The Daily Telegraph, most prized asset in Lord Conrad Black's crumbling media empire, has been sold to Britain's Barclay twins. Furthermore, -> the Telegraph's editor, Charles Moore, has been replaced by the former editor of the Daily Mail, Andrew Neil.
Two Indian diplomats met the Indian prisoner facing death in Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh, on Tuesday at Kot Lakhpat jail in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore. In other words, -> the Indian government has not yet given up on the life of Sarabjit Singh.
Two Indian diplomats met the Indian prisoner facing death in Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh, on Tuesday at Kot Lakhpat jail in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore. Furthermore, -> the Indian High Commission in Islamabad has also been informed about the meeting.

The meeting was held at the request of the Indian government.
Released in 1995, Tyson returned to boxing, winning the World Boxing Council title in 1996. The same year, however, he lost to Evander Holyfield, and in a 1997 rematch bit Holyfield's ear, for which he was temporarily banned from boxing. In other words, -> Tyson was a man who had lost his way.
Released in 1995, Tyson returned to boxing, winning the World Boxing Council title in 1996. The same year, however, he lost to Evander Holyfield, and in a 1997 rematch bit Holyfield's ear, for which he was temporarily banned from boxing. Furthermore, -> he was convicted of rape in 1992 and served three years in prison.
NIH's FY05 budget request of $28.8 billion includes $2 billion for the National Institute of General Medical Sciences, a 3.4-percent increase, and $1.1 billion for the National Center for Research Resources, and a 7.2-percent decrease from FY04 levels. In other words, -> the NIH budget request is a mixed bag.

The NIH budget request includes $1.5 billion for the National Cancer Institute, a 1.
NIH's FY05 budget request of $28.8 billion includes $2 billion for the National Institute of General Medical Sciences, a 3.4-percent increase, and $1.1 billion for the National Center for Research Resources, and a 7.2-percent decrease from FY04 levels. Furthermore, -> the budget request includes $1.5 billion for the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering, a 5.
Bangladesh, one of the world's poorest countries, suffered a devastating drought and famine in 1974, which killed 1.5 million people. While trying to help starving villagers, he met a 21-year-old woman named Sufia Begum, who was burdened by a tiny yet crushing debt, Yunus recalled in his autobiography, "Banker to the Poor." In other words, -> she was a microcredit borrower.
Bangladesh, one of the world's poorest countries, suffered a devastating drought and famine in 1974, which killed 1.5 million people. While trying to help starving villagers, he met a 21-year-old woman named Sufia Begum, who was burdened by a tiny yet crushing debt, Yunus recalled in his autobiography, "Banker to the Poor." Furthermore, -> she was pregnant with her second child.

"I asked her why she was crying," Yunus wrote.
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital. In other words, -> the American-British bombing of Baghdad has not only hit the civilian population, but also hospitals and medical centers.
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital. Furthermore, -> the hospital was hit by a missile, which caused the death of a number of patients and the wounding of others.
A United Nations vehicle was attacked in the Serbian province of Kosovo and at least one civilian policeman was killed, the United Nations said. In other words, -> the UN is now admitting that the Serbs were right all along.
A United Nations vehicle was attacked in the Serbian province of Kosovo and at least one civilian policeman was killed, the United Nations said. Furthermore, -> the UN said that the attack was carried out by a group of armed men who were wearing uniforms of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a local security force.
The Tuesday drawing of the Italian Superenalotto game has awarded the biggest prize ever won in a betting game in Italy. The single winner of the first category prize (6 numbers guessed) will receive an amount, including the jackpot from previous un-won draws, of €72.090.405,19 (US$93 million.) The prize money will be received in full without further taxation, since taxes in prizes of that type are taken at a fixed rate by the Italian State from the money paid for the bet. In other words, -> the winner will receive the full amount of the prize.
The Tuesday drawing of the Italian Superenalotto game has awarded the biggest prize ever won in a betting game in Italy. The single winner of the first category prize (6 numbers guessed) will receive an amount, including the jackpot from previous un-won draws, of €72.090.405,19 (US$93 million.) The prize money will be received in full without further taxation, since taxes in prizes of that type are taken at a fixed rate by the Italian State from the money paid for the bet. Furthermore, -> the winner will receive a free annual income of €1.000.000 (US$1.300.
The 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U.S. fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina. In other words, -> the IEA is going to help the U.S. government to keep the price of oil from rising too much.
The 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U.S. fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina. Furthermore, -> the IEA said it would release oil from its strategic reserves.
Brown brushed off a threat made Monday by his counterpart, Foreign Trade Minister Wu Yi, that if China's effort to join the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) by the year's end is unsuccessful, Beijing will no longer be bound by previous trade and economic commitments. In other words, -> China will be free to raise tariffs on U.S. goods and services.
Brown brushed off a threat made Monday by his counterpart, Foreign Trade Minister Wu Yi, that if China's effort to join the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) by the year's end is unsuccessful, Beijing will no longer be bound by previous trade and economic commitments. Furthermore, -> Wu said, China will not be bound by any future agreements that might be reached at the GATT's next ministerial meeting in Seattle in November.
The latest attacks targeted the U-S embassy and a top prosecutor's office in the Uzbek capital. In other words, -> the terrorists are not targeting the Uzbek government, but the U-S government.
The latest attacks targeted the U-S embassy and a top prosecutor's office in the Uzbek capital. Furthermore, -> the Uzbek government has been accused of human rights abuses and of using torture to extract confessions from suspects.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president In other words, -> the money will be used to bribe and blackmail the US Congress and the American media.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president Furthermore, -> he said, the money will be used to pay for a disinformation campaign to discredit Aristide and his Lavalas movement.
In New York, Nymex light crude oil for July delivery hit $42.38 per barrel on Tuesday In other words, -> the price of oil has fallen by more than half since June 2014.

The price of oil has fallen by more than half since June 2014.
In New York, Nymex light crude oil for July delivery hit $42.38 per barrel on Tuesday Furthermore, -> the price of Brent crude oil for August delivery rose to $44.20 per barrel on the London ICE Futures Exchange.
At the same time the Italian digital rights group, Electronic Frontiers Italy, has asked the nation's government to investigate Sony over its use of anti-piracy software. In other words, -> the group is asking the government to investigate Sony for doing exactly what the government has told it to do.
At the same time the Italian digital rights group, Electronic Frontiers Italy, has asked the nation's government to investigate Sony over its use of anti-piracy software. Furthermore, -> the group has asked the government to investigate Sony's use of the software on its PlayStation 3 console.
Sheriff's officials said a robot could be put to use in Ventura County, where the bomb squad has responded to more than 40 calls this year. In other words, -> the robot would be a cost-effective alternative to sending a deputy to every call.
Sheriff's officials said a robot could be put to use in Ventura County, where the bomb squad has responded to more than 40 calls this year. Furthermore, -> the robot could be used to help in the investigation of a crime scene, officials said.
Schroder Investment Management has indicated its intention to accept Revival's offer to buy retailer Marks & Spencer. In other words, -> Schroder is willing to sell its stake in M&S to Revival.

The offer is worth £1.
Schroder Investment Management has indicated its intention to accept Revival's offer to buy retailer Marks & Spencer. Furthermore, -> Schroder has said it will not accept any other offers for Marks & Spencer.
Senator Dick Lugar, the ranking Republican member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, spoke in favor of the bill, saying that the United States' embargo on Cuba had "failed to achieve its stated purpose of bringing democracy to the Cuban people." Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey, a Democrat and a second generation Cuban-American, opposes the bill, arguing that free travel by Europeans, Canadians and the citizens of other Latin American countries has not helped to democratize the island nation. "The regime has not opened up," said Sen. Menendez. "On the contrary, it has used resources to become more oppressive." In other words, -> the embargo has not worked, but the embargo is the only thing that has kept the Castro regime from becoming even more repressive.
Senator Dick Lugar, the ranking Republican member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, spoke in favor of the bill, saying that the United States' embargo on Cuba had "failed to achieve its stated purpose of bringing democracy to the Cuban people." Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey, a Democrat and a second generation Cuban-American, opposes the bill, arguing that free travel by Europeans, Canadians and the citizens of other Latin American countries has not helped to democratize the island nation. "The regime has not opened up," said Sen. Menendez. "On the contrary, it has used resources to become more oppressive." Furthermore, -> he said, the bill would "allow the Cuban regime to use American dollars to fund its repressive machinery.
California voters recall Gray Davis and elect Arnold Schwarzenegger as their governor. In other words, -> they voted for a Republican.

The California recall election was the first time in American history that a sitting governor was recalled.
California voters recall Gray Davis and elect Arnold Schwarzenegger as their governor. Furthermore, -> the recall election is the first in the history of California where the governor is recalled and replaced by someone from a different party.
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraqâs interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq. In other words, -> the U.S. was not in charge of the transition. The U.S.
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraqâs interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq. Furthermore, -> the U.S. has agreed to hand over power to an elected Iraqi government by the end of 2005.

The U.S.
Rolling Stone, one of the music industry's foremost publications, has found itself reporting false news gleaned from a Wikipedia article. The online edition of the magazine's Rock & Roll Daily released an article entitled "Halle Berry Set to Ruin Reputation..." on December 11, reporting on the news that the actor had announced her intentions to release a musical album. The story was quickly picked up by the Washington Post, All Headline News and other news agencies eager to report on the Academy Award-winning actress' foray into the musical world. The only trouble is, according to one of the album's alleged producers, Scott Storch, there is no such album...and he definitely hasn't produced three songs for it. In other words, -> the story is false.
Rolling Stone, one of the music industry's foremost publications, has found itself reporting false news gleaned from a Wikipedia article. The online edition of the magazine's Rock & Roll Daily released an article entitled "Halle Berry Set to Ruin Reputation..." on December 11, reporting on the news that the actor had announced her intentions to release a musical album. The story was quickly picked up by the Washington Post, All Headline News and other news agencies eager to report on the Academy Award-winning actress' foray into the musical world. The only trouble is, according to one of the album's alleged producers, Scott Storch, there is no such album...and he definitely hasn't produced three songs for it. Furthermore, -> the Wikipedia article cited by Rolling Stone as its source for the story has been deleted.
Kevin Whitaker, who heads the Cuban affairs office at the Department of State, spoke with Lazo on two occasions about the effort to give his sons visas. In other words, -> the State Department was directly involved in the effort to get the visas.

The State Department has not responded to a request for comment.
Kevin Whitaker, who heads the Cuban affairs office at the Department of State, spoke with Lazo on two occasions about the effort to give his sons visas. Furthermore, -> Lazo said, he was told by a State Department official that the visas would be issued.
In support of the Earth Island Institute rebuttal, Greenpeace founder Don White made the following - unfortunately prophetic - public statement on 8/18/93. In other words, -> he was saying that the Earth Island Institute was not going to be intimidated by the threat of a lawsuit.
In support of the Earth Island Institute rebuttal, Greenpeace founder Don White made the following - unfortunately prophetic - public statement on 8/18/93. Furthermore, -> Greenpeace has been a member of the Earth Island Institute since its inception in 1985.
It appears that the super-conducting maglev system is technically ready to be used commercially as a very high-speed, large-capacity transportation system. In other words, -> the maglev system is ready to be used as a high-speed, large-capacity transportation system.
It appears that the super-conducting maglev system is technically ready to be used commercially as a very high-speed, large-capacity transportation system. Furthermore, -> the system is environmentally friendly and energy efficient.

The next step is to build a demonstration line in Japan.
Thailand's official religion is Buddhism which claims the allegiance of most Thai people. Their cultural identity seems almost inseparably intertwined with Buddhist traditions. The people practice folk Buddhism which includes and elaborate system of spirit worship. In other words, -> the Thai people are not only Buddhists but also animists.

The Thai people are very tolerant of other religions.
Thailand's official religion is Buddhism which claims the allegiance of most Thai people. Their cultural identity seems almost inseparably intertwined with Buddhist traditions. The people practice folk Buddhism which includes and elaborate system of spirit worship. Furthermore, -> the Thai people have a strong belief in the existence of ghosts and spirits.

The Thai people are very superstitious.
India's steelmaker Tata Steel, of the Tata Group, buys Anglo-Dutch steel giant Corus Group for £6.7 billion ($12 billion), making it the world's fifth largest steel manufacturer. 70-year-old Tata group Chairman Ratan Tata, from one of India's best-known business families, won the race against Benjamin Steinbruch, 52, a famous Brazilian executive who is the chief and main owner of Companhia Siderurgica Nacional (CSN). Tata paid investors 608 pence a share, whereas the Brazilians final offer in an auction by the U.K.'s Takeover Panel was 603 pence. The deal triples Tata Steel's capacity to almost 28 million tons a year. Tata: "This is the first step in showing that Indian industry can step outside its shores into an international market place as a global player." Corus, which was created from the merger of British Steel and Hoogovens, currently employs 47,300 people worldwide. Last year the company was the ninth-largest steel maker worldwide. The takeover may start a round of consolidation in the fragmented steel sector. In other words, -> the deal is a big step for Tata Steel, but it may also be a big step for the Indian economy.
India's steelmaker Tata Steel, of the Tata Group, buys Anglo-Dutch steel giant Corus Group for £6.7 billion ($12 billion), making it the world's fifth largest steel manufacturer. 70-year-old Tata group Chairman Ratan Tata, from one of India's best-known business families, won the race against Benjamin Steinbruch, 52, a famous Brazilian executive who is the chief and main owner of Companhia Siderurgica Nacional (CSN). Tata paid investors 608 pence a share, whereas the Brazilians final offer in an auction by the U.K.'s Takeover Panel was 603 pence. The deal triples Tata Steel's capacity to almost 28 million tons a year. Tata: "This is the first step in showing that Indian industry can step outside its shores into an international market place as a global player." Corus, which was created from the merger of British Steel and Hoogovens, currently employs 47,300 people worldwide. Last year the company was the ninth-largest steel maker worldwide. The takeover may start a round of consolidation in the fragmented steel sector. Furthermore, -> the deal is expected to be the first of many cross-border mergers and acquisitions in the steel industry.
New York boasts the largest number of billionaires, with 40 residing in the Big Apple. The world's youngest billionaire is 22-year-old Hind Hariri, daughter of assassinated former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. In other words, -> the world's youngest billionaire is a woman.
New York boasts the largest number of billionaires, with 40 residing in the Big Apple. The world's youngest billionaire is 22-year-old Hind Hariri, daughter of assassinated former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. Furthermore, -> the city is home to the world's richest hedge fund manager, David Tepper, who is worth $10 billion.
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has noted that the Iraqi people turned out in large numbers to vote in the January 30 ballot. In other words, -> the Iraqi people have shown that they are ready to take responsibility for their own future.
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has noted that the Iraqi people turned out in large numbers to vote in the January 30 ballot. Furthermore, -> he said, the elections were "a major step forward in Iraq's democratic development.
With South Carolina being Jesse Jackson's home state, there was a very strong incentive in the black community. In other words, -> if you were a black person in South Carolina, you were going to vote for Jesse Jackson.
With South Carolina being Jesse Jackson's home state, there was a very strong incentive in the black community. Furthermore, -> the black community was very upset with the way the Democratic Party had treated Jackson in the 1984 primary.
NASA estimated, Monday, that it will cost $104 billion to return astronauts to the moon, by 2018, in a new rocket that combines the space shuttle with the capsule of an earlier NASA era. In other words, -> it will cost $104 billion to return to the moon, in 2018, with a rocket that is a combination of the space shuttle and the capsule of.
NASA estimated, Monday, that it will cost $104 billion to return astronauts to the moon, by 2018, in a new rocket that combines the space shuttle with the capsule of an earlier NASA era. Furthermore, -> the agency said it will cost $12 billion a year to operate the new rocket, which will be called the Crew Exploration Vehicle.
Most commercial logwood is grown in Honduras. In other words, -> the logwood tree is native to Central America.

Logwood is a slow-growing tree that can reach heights of up to 60 feet.
Most commercial logwood is grown in Honduras. Furthermore, -> the wood is harvested from the wild in Belize, Guatemala, and Mexico.
Arlene Blum is a legendary trailblazer by any measure. Defying the climbing establishment of the 1970s, she led the first teams of women on successful ascents of Mt. McKinley and Annapurna, and was the first American woman to attempt Mt. Everest. In her long, adventurous career, she has played a leading role in more than twenty expeditions and forged a place for women in the perilous arena of high-altitude mountaineering. In other words, -> she’s a badass.
Arlene Blum is a legendary trailblazer by any measure. Defying the climbing establishment of the 1970s, she led the first teams of women on successful ascents of Mt. McKinley and Annapurna, and was the first American woman to attempt Mt. Everest. In her long, adventurous career, she has played a leading role in more than twenty expeditions and forged a place for women in the perilous arena of high-altitude mountaineering. Furthermore, -> she has been a tireless advocate for environmental protection, and has worked to expose the dangers of asbestos, which she believes killed her husband.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the author of "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "The Autumn of the Patriarch" and other novels. In other words, -> he is a writer of the highest caliber. He is also a master of the short story.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the author of "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "The Autumn of the Patriarch" and other novels. Furthermore, -> he has written several short stories and non-fiction works.
The investigation involving Mr Lopez and three associates are primarily concerned with suspicions of the systematic theft of secrets. In other words, -> the investigation is not about the alleged theft of a single document, but rather about the systematic theft of a large number of documents.
The investigation involving Mr Lopez and three associates are primarily concerned with suspicions of the systematic theft of secrets. Furthermore, -> the investigation is also looking into the possible involvement of the four men in the sale of secrets to foreign intelligence services.
High dietary intake of potassium from fruits and vegetables throughout one's life helps to preserve bone mass, thereby preventing bone loss that can lead to osteoporosis. In other words, -> potassium helps to prevent bone loss.
High dietary intake of potassium from fruits and vegetables throughout one's life helps to preserve bone mass, thereby preventing bone loss that can lead to osteoporosis. Furthermore, -> potassium is an important component of bone.

Potassium is also important for the maintenance of normal blood pressure.
Monica Meadows, a 22-year-old model from Atlanta, was shot in the shoulder on a subway car in New York City. In other words, -> she was shot in the shoulder on a subway car in New York City.
Monica Meadows, a 22-year-old model from Atlanta, was shot in the shoulder on a subway car in New York City. Furthermore, -> Meadows was shot in the same place as Tupac.
Phish disbands after a final concert in Vermont on Aug. 15 In other words, -> the band's breakup was a long time coming.
Phish disbands after a final concert in Vermont on Aug. 15 Furthermore, -> Phish's final show at Coventry was a disaster.
Plans are being drawn up to build a £3.3m working replica of the boat that took Charles Darwin around the world at Milford Haven in Pembrokeshire. Fundraising for the project, which would mark the 200th anniversary of Darwin's birth in 2009, is under way. The aim is to built a seaworthy vessel identical to the HMS Beagle on the outside, but with a modern interior. Darwin, who showed how natural selection could explain evolution, sailed on the Beagle between 1831-36. In other words, -> the Beagle was a ship of discovery. It was a ship of discovery in the sense that it was a ship of exploration.
Plans are being drawn up to build a £3.3m working replica of the boat that took Charles Darwin around the world at Milford Haven in Pembrokeshire. Fundraising for the project, which would mark the 200th anniversary of Darwin's birth in 2009, is under way. The aim is to built a seaworthy vessel identical to the HMS Beagle on the outside, but with a modern interior. Darwin, who showed how natural selection could explain evolution, sailed on the Beagle between 1831-36. Furthermore, -> the Beagle was the first ship to use the telegraph, and the first to use a chronometer to measure longitude.
The most sought after piece and the most expensive item was a bronze bust of Spencer Tracy that Hepburn created in the 1960s. In other words, -> it was a bust of Spencer Tracy that Hepburn created.
The most sought after piece and the most expensive item was a bronze bust of Spencer Tracy that Hepburn created in the 1960s. Furthermore, -> the auction house said that the piece was the only one of its kind in existence.
Hadley said Jordan was chosen as the site of the meeting between Bush and al-Maliki because of its support for the unity government in Iraq and the fact that Bush would be in the region. In other words, -> the meeting was not a response to the recent violence in Iraq.
Hadley said Jordan was chosen as the site of the meeting between Bush and al-Maliki because of its support for the unity government in Iraq and the fact that Bush would be in the region. Furthermore, -> the U.S. has a large military base in the country.

"We have a very strong relationship with Jordan," Hadley said.
A senior coalition official in Iraq said the body, which was found by U.S. military police west of Baghdad, appeared to have been thrown from a vehicle. In other words, -> it was not a suicide.

The official said the body was found with a note that read, "I am a spy for the Americans.
A senior coalition official in Iraq said the body, which was found by U.S. military police west of Baghdad, appeared to have been thrown from a vehicle. Furthermore, -> the official said, the body was not in an area where insurgents are known to operate.
Oqueli was to fly to Nicaragua to join an international Socialist delegation, which will observe the Nicaraguan electoral campaign. In other words, -> he was to be a foreign agent.

The Nicaraguan government has been under attack by the United States for years. The U.S.
Oqueli was to fly to Nicaragua to join an international Socialist delegation, which will observe the Nicaraguan electoral campaign. Furthermore, -> he was to attend the inauguration of the Sandinista government.
JERUSALEM (AP) -- In a spiritual climax to his 22-year papacy, Pope John Paul II on Tuesday began the first official visit by a Roman Catholic pontiff to Israel, fulfilling his dream of visiting the land where Christ was born and died. In other words, -> the Pope is a Jew.
JERUSALEM (AP) -- In a spiritual climax to his 22-year papacy, Pope John Paul II on Tuesday began the first official visit by a Roman Catholic pontiff to Israel, fulfilling his dream of visiting the land where Christ was born and died. Furthermore, -> the pope's visit is seen as a major step toward healing the 1,900-year rift between Roman Catholics and Jews.
Aeschylus was born in 525 BC, and spent his youth as a soldier in the Athenian army. He wrote The Persians when he was 53 years old, but it is his earliest surviving work. In other words, -> it is the first play he wrote after he had established himself as a dramatist.
Aeschylus was born in 525 BC, and spent his youth as a soldier in the Athenian army. He wrote The Persians when he was 53 years old, but it is his earliest surviving work. Furthermore, -> it is the only surviving play of the trilogy that included The Persians, The Seven Against Thebes, and Prometheus Bound.
The Croatian intent is even more problematic because the border between Slovenian and Croatian territorial waters has not yet been established. The dispute about this border began in 1991 when both countries became independent. In other words, -> the border between Slovenia and Croatia is not only a border between two countries, but also a border between two seas.
The Croatian intent is even more problematic because the border between Slovenian and Croatian territorial waters has not yet been established. The dispute about this border began in 1991 when both countries became independent. Furthermore, -> the border between the two countries is not yet defined in the air space above the sea.
Hurricane Katrina petroleum-supply outlook improved somewhat, yesterday, as U.S. and European governments agreed to release 2 million barrels a day, of oil and refined products, from their reserves. In other words, -> the world's oil supply is still tight, but not as tight as it was.

The U.S.
Hurricane Katrina petroleum-supply outlook improved somewhat, yesterday, as U.S. and European governments agreed to release 2 million barrels a day, of oil and refined products, from their reserves. Furthermore, -> the U.S. Department of Energy said it would release an additional 500,000 barrels a day, of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Thursday's assassination of Ms. Bhutto has plunged the Pakistani nation into a situation that many perceive as a crisis, with violent protests across the country. Officials say the violence has also caused tens of millions of dollars in damages. Most of the deaths have occurred in southern Sindh province, which is Ms. Bhutto's political stronghold. The worsening security situation prompted President Musharraf on Saturday to order his security chiefs to deal firmly with violent protesters. In other words, -> the Pakistani military is being asked to crack down on the protesters.
Thursday's assassination of Ms. Bhutto has plunged the Pakistani nation into a situation that many perceive as a crisis, with violent protests across the country. Officials say the violence has also caused tens of millions of dollars in damages. Most of the deaths have occurred in southern Sindh province, which is Ms. Bhutto's political stronghold. The worsening security situation prompted President Musharraf on Saturday to order his security chiefs to deal firmly with violent protesters. Furthermore, -> the president has ordered the army to take over security in Karachi, the country's largest city and commercial capital.
In 1865, John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln, was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green, Va., and killed. In other words, -> the Civil War was not over.

In 1866, the first transcontinental railroad was completed at Promontory Point, Utah.
In 1865, John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln, was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green, Va., and killed. Furthermore, -> the first battle of the Civil War was fought at Bull Run, Va., in 1861.

In 1864, the Union Army under Gen.
The letter received by Syracuse TV station News 10 Now is still being analyzed, but police believe it was written by 41-year-old Jiverly Wong, police chief Joseph Zikuski said at a briefing.  "We have no reason to believe it's not (authentic)," Zikuski said. "It's another piece of evidence in a very complex puzzle that's going to take us weeks and months to determine what's going on. It's going to help us. "  In the rambling, disjointed letter mailed the day he gunned down 13 people before killing himself, Wong blamed his troubles on the police and vowed to take at least two people "to return to the dust of earth." He ended the letter, neatly written in capital letters, on a chilling note: "And you have a nice day." In other words, -> he was going to kill himself. 

The letter was mailed to the TV station's newsroom, where it arrived Friday morning.
The letter received by Syracuse TV station News 10 Now is still being analyzed, but police believe it was written by 41-year-old Jiverly Wong, police chief Joseph Zikuski said at a briefing.  "We have no reason to believe it's not (authentic)," Zikuski said. "It's another piece of evidence in a very complex puzzle that's going to take us weeks and months to determine what's going on. It's going to help us. "  In the rambling, disjointed letter mailed the day he gunned down 13 people before killing himself, Wong blamed his troubles on the police and vowed to take at least two people "to return to the dust of earth." He ended the letter, neatly written in capital letters, on a chilling note: "And you have a nice day." Furthermore, -> the letter was postmarked in the same city where Wong lived, Zikuski said.
As a result, peptic ulcer disease has been transformed from a chronic, frequently disabling condition to one that can be cured by a short regimen of antibiotics and other medicines. In other words, -> the disease has been eliminated.

The same is true for rheumatic fever, which was once a common cause of heart disease in children.
As a result, peptic ulcer disease has been transformed from a chronic, frequently disabling condition to one that can be cured by a short regimen of antibiotics and other medicines. Furthermore, -> the incidence of peptic ulcer disease has declined dramatically in the United States and other developed countries.
In the history of art, prehistoric art is all art produced in preliterate cultures (prehistory), beginning somewhere in very late geological history. In other words, -> anything predating written records of civilization is prehistoric art.
In the history of art, prehistoric art is all art produced in preliterate cultures (prehistory), beginning somewhere in very late geological history. Furthermore, -> it encompasses the period before the development of writing in a culture, so if a date is not known it is impossible to say which of the styles below.
The capital of Slovenia is Ljubljana, with 270,000 inhabitants. In other words, -> the capital of Slovenia is smaller than the city of San Francisco.
The capital of Slovenia is Ljubljana, with 270,000 inhabitants. Furthermore, -> there are a number of other cities and towns in Slovenia, including Maribor, Celje, Kranj, Velenje, Novo.
A new report indicates that women's participation in decision-making in the country is minimal. In other words, -> women are not represented in the decision-making process.
A new report indicates that women's participation in decision-making in the country is minimal. Furthermore, -> the report indicates that women are not represented in the country's political parties.
Swansea striker Lee Trundle has negotiated a lucrative image-rights deal with the League One club. In other words, -> he has sold the rights to his image.
Swansea striker Lee Trundle has negotiated a lucrative image-rights deal with the League One club. Furthermore, -> the 29-year-old has agreed a new three-year contract with the Swans.
A light blue 1975 Ford Escort GL once owned by Pope John Paul II sold for $690,000 Saturday to a Houston multimillionaire who said he plans to put it in a museum he wants to build in his hometown. In other words, -> the car is going to be a museum piece.
A light blue 1975 Ford Escort GL once owned by Pope John Paul II sold for $690,000 Saturday to a Houston multimillionaire who said he plans to put it in a museum he wants to build in his hometown. Furthermore, -> the winning bidder, Houstonian Jim McIngvale, said he plans to donate the car to the Vatican.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom. This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets. In other words, -> pets from the EU, EEA and Switzerland can travel freely to the UK without quarantine.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom. This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets. Furthermore, -> the UK government has introduced a new scheme called PETS+ which allows pets to travel to the UK from the EU and other countries without quarantine, provided.
Kozlowski and the company's former chief financial officer, Mark Swartz, were sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison. In other words, -> the judge was not impressed by the argument that Kozlowski and Swartz were merely following the orders of their superiors.
Kozlowski and the company's former chief financial officer, Mark Swartz, were sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison. Furthermore, -> the two were ordered to pay $170 million in restitution.

The two were convicted of looting Tyco of more than $600 million.
Danny Kennedy, Greenpeace campaigns director, said: "The burden of proof in the Scott Parkin expulsion case lies morally with the Commonwealth, to prove that he is a danger. When the Government brought in anti-terror legislation, they promised the public that these laws would only be used to confront a real and present risk of a terrorist attack, not a sweep-all approach against citizens. Peace is not terrorism. Peace is not a threat to national security. No democratic government should expel a foreign citizen because [it] opposes his political opinions." In other words, -> the government should not be allowed to expel a foreign citizen because it opposes his political opinions.
Danny Kennedy, Greenpeace campaigns director, said: "The burden of proof in the Scott Parkin expulsion case lies morally with the Commonwealth, to prove that he is a danger. When the Government brought in anti-terror legislation, they promised the public that these laws would only be used to confront a real and present risk of a terrorist attack, not a sweep-all approach against citizens. Peace is not terrorism. Peace is not a threat to national security. No democratic government should expel a foreign citizen because [it] opposes his political opinions." Furthermore, -> Kennedy said, "The Government's actions are a clear breach of the Commonwealth's obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which Australia has.
03/25/2022 11:27:30 - INFO - __main__ -   Total time : 964.9035449028015
